Encyclopedia Britannica
Search Britannica
Search Britannica...
Ask the ChatbotGames & QuizzesHistory & SocietyScience & TechBiographiesAnimals & NatureGeography & TravelArts & CultureMoneyVideos
Appalachian Mountains
Table of Contents
Introduction
Physical features
The people and economy
Study and exploration
References & Edit History
Quick Facts & Related Topics
Images & Videos
Blue Ridge, Appalachian MountainsAppalachian Mountainsupland forest, QuebecWhite Mountains, New HampshireAllegheny MountainsBlue Ridge Mountains, VirginiaMount Katahdin, MaineMount Washington, New HampshireTennessee River, TennesseeShenandoah National Park, northern Virginia
For Students
Screw Auger Falls
Appalachian Mountains summary
Discover
Election - Button that says Vote. Badge pin stars and stripes politics campaign
Why Are U.S. Elections Held on Tuesdays?
Town of Sisimiut located on the coast of the Davis Strait on Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay, Greenland
The Largest Islands in the World
Small, white rat (genus Rattus) on a glass table. (rodent, laboratory, experiment)
Cruel and Unusual Punishments: 15 Types of Torture
Northern lights or Southern lights, also called Aurora Borealis. Luminous phenomenon of Earth's atmosphere. (magnetism; luminous atmospheric display)
What Causes the Northern and Southern Lights?
Gilles de Rais (1404-1440). Breton baron, marshal of France. Fought in guards of Joan of Arc. Accused of being serial killer of children.
Gilles de Rais: History’s First Serial Killer?
Shadow of a man holding large knife in his hand inside of some dark, spooky buiding
7 of History's Most Notorious Serial Killers 
pyramid sunset, egypt
What’s Inside the Great Pyramid?
Geography & Travel
Physical Geography of Land
Mountains & Volcanoes
Recreation and tourism
 inAppalachian Mountains inThe people and economy
    
Also known as: Appalachians
Written by 
Fact-checked by 
Last Updated: Oct 7, 2024 • Article History
Blue Ridge Parkway
Blue Ridge Parkway
The Appalachian region has developed into one of the premier recreational areas of North America. One unique feature of a large portion of the system is the 2,100-mile (3,400-km) Appalachian Trail. This footpath, stretching from Mount Katahdin in Maine to Springer Mountain in Georgia, provides a hiker’s grandstand on the varied ranges of the Appalachians. Overnight shelters are scattered along the way. A noncommercial motor route, the Blue Ridge Parkway, stretches 469 miles (755 km) from the Shenandoah National Park in northern Virginia to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and is the most popular area administered by the U.S. National Park Service.

White Mountains, New Hampshire
White Mountains, New HampshireAutumn foliage, White Mountains, north-central New Hampshire.
The springtime profusion of flowering wild azalea, rhododendron, and laurel is a major tourist attraction in the Appalachians, beginning in the south in April and spreading northward. In autumn the pattern is reversed, as the brilliant coloration of the foliage moves from north to south. Motoring, hiking, camping, fishing, skiing, whitewater rafting, and spelunking are encouraged throughout the Appalachians, as are visits to numerous craft centres and historic sites. Famous spas are reminders of more leisurely days in both the northern and southern mountains, while conference facilities and theme parks reflect a growing emphasis on tourism, with its attendant benefits and its problems of environmental stress.

News • National grantmakers bet this rural education program can scale • Oct. 7, 2024, 3:06 PM ET (AP) 
Study and exploration
Hernando de Soto
Hernando de SotoHernando de Soto, engraving by J. Maca.
The ruggedness of the Appalachians, the transverse ranges by which they are crossed, their maze of streams and rivers, and their lack of natural passes created a formidable barrier to early explorers and settlers. The Spanish conquistador Hernando de Soto was probably the first European to enter southern Appalachia, in 1539–40. In 1716 Governor Alexander Spotswood of Virginia led the first organized body of English colonists across the Blue Ridge Mountains. During the 1760s and ’70s Daniel Boone became America’s frontier folk hero through his exploits in exploring and settling the Blue Ridge and Cumberland Mountain country. Historical figures associated with the opening of northern Appalachia include the French explorer Samuel de Champlain, who sighted the mountains in 1605 as he sailed along the Maine coast; the American Darby Field, who made the first climb up Mount Washington (1642); Timothy Nash, discoverer of the Crawford Notch (1771), which made possible communication between the coast and the Connecticut River valley; and Sir William Logan, first director of Canada’s geologic survey, who made a cross section of the geologic formation of the Gaspé Peninsula in 1844 and became the first European to cross the Shickshock Mountains. During the mid-19th century the first extensive scientific studies of Appalachia began when in 1849 the Swiss geographer Arnold Guyot commenced mapping the eastern mountains. Starting with the White Mountains, he spent five years in northern Appalachia, then moved south to the Great Smoky Mountains area. He mapped, measured elevation, and made the first methodical effort to name mountains. The highest peak in the eastern United States was named for another pioneer explorer-scientist, Professor Elisha Mitchell, who fell to his death in 1857 while establishing the fact of this mountain’s preeminence. It remained for Horace Kephart, a St. Louis, Missouri, librarian turned naturalist who came to the southern mountains in 1904, to bring the isolated and scenic region to national attention. From his writings grew the interest and impetus that led to the establishment of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.

Wilma Dykeman
Appalachian National Scenic Trail
Table of Contents
Introduction
History
Route and scenery
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
Appalachian TrailAppalachian National Scenic TrailAppalachian National Scenic Trail: Berkshire HillsAppalachian National Scenic Trail: northern New JerseyAppalachian National Scenic TrailAppalachian National Scenic Trail: Mount KatahdinMount Mansfieldflame azaleaAppalachian National Scenic Trail: Great Smoky Mountains National ParkAppalachian Trail
Read Next
Close up of a hand placing a ballot in a ballot box. Election vote voter voting
Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term?
Washington, D.C. locator map.
What State Is Washington, D.C. In?
The United States Supreme Court building, Washington, D.C.
14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered
Bar graph of the United States Death Toll during major events. Infogram chart.
U.S. Death Toll During Major Events
The Battle of New Orleans, by E. Percy Moran, c. 1910. Andrew Jackson, War of 1812.
26 Decade-Defining Events in U.S. History
Discover
Panoramic view of moai, Ahu Tongariki, Easter Island (Rapa Nui), Chile
8 of the World’s Most-Remote Islands
American murder suspect Lizzie Borden, 1890.
Lizzie Borden Took an Ax...
Illustration for Demystified "Spontaneous human combustion".
Is Spontaneous Human Combustion Real?
Scottish fold cat. A genetic mutation caused (in the original cat-1961) the ears to bend forward and down.
Shorthair Cat Breeds
Small, white rat (genus Rattus) on a glass table. (rodent, laboratory, experiment)
Cruel and Unusual Punishments: 15 Types of Torture
Duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, illustration after a painting by J. Mund.
10 Famous Duels
Northern lights or Southern lights, also called Aurora Borealis. Luminous phenomenon of Earth's atmosphere. (magnetism; luminous atmospheric display)
What Causes the Northern and Southern Lights?
Geography & Travel
Highways & Trails
Appalachian Trail
Appalachian Trail Infographic showing notable details of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail.
Appalachian National Scenic Trail
footpath, United States
    
Also known as: Appalachian Trail
Written and fact-checked by 
Last Updated: Sep 19, 2024 • Article History
Also called: Appalachian Trail
News • After Hurricane Helene’s damage, Appalachian Trail may need years to recover • Oct. 20, 2024, 10:24 PM ET (Straits Times) 
Appalachian National Scenic Trail
1 of 3
Appalachian National Scenic TrailSection of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail in the Great Smoky Mountains.
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: Berkshire Hills
2 of 3
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: Berkshire HillsSection of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail in the Berkshire Hills, western Massachusetts.
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: northern New Jersey
3 of 3
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: northern New JerseyThe Appalachian National Scenic Trail crossing a field in northern New Jersey.
Appalachian National Scenic Trail, mountain footpath in the eastern United States extending from northeast to southwest for about 2,190 miles (3,524.5 km) along the crest of the Appalachian Mountains. The trail runs from Mount Katahdin, Maine, to Springer Mountain, Georgia, passing through 14 states (Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, Virginia, Tennessee, North Carolina, and Georgia), 8 national forests, and 6 units of the national park system. The exact length of the trail can vary year to year as the trail is modified or rerouted.

History
Appalachian National Scenic Trail
Appalachian National Scenic TrailAppalachian National Scenic Trail plaque at Unicoi Gap, Chattahoochee National Forest, Georgia.
Benton MacKaye, a regional planner for Massachusetts, is credited with spearheading the effort to build the Appalachian Trail when he published an article in 1921 promoting its creation. The first section of the footpath was opened in October 1923 in New York. Construction continued until 1937—the joint effort of volunteers from hiking clubs and other organizations coordinated by the Appalachian Trail Conference (founded by MacKaye), federal agencies, and the Civilian Conservation Corps. Segments of the trail have been relocated numerous times both to enhance its scenic quality and as a result of natural disasters, road construction, and land development. Volunteers affiliated with the Appalachian Trail Conservancy (formerly the Appalachian Trail Conference) are responsible for the management of the footpath. The trail became one of the two initial units of the National Trail System established by the U.S. Congress in 1968, the other being the Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail. Nearly the entire trail runs through public lands.

Route and scenery
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: Mount Katahdin
1 of 2
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: Mount KatahdinHikers on the Appalachian National Scenic Trail on Mount Katahdin in Baxter State Park, Maine.
Mount Mansfield
2 of 2
Mount MansfieldHiker on the Appalachian National Scenic Trail standing on the summit of Mount Mansfield, Vermont, U.S.
Short hikes are the primary use of the footpath, but each year a few thousand “thru-hikers” attempt to complete the entire trail, usually starting from Springer Mountain in March or April. Hiking the trail in its entirety takes five to seven months. Primitive shelters are located 10 to 12 miles (16 to 19 km) apart.

Wildlife along the path includes moose, black bears, deer, coyotes, bobcats, woodchucks, porcupines, and raccoons. Some of the trail’s most rugged terrain is in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, where portions of the path lie exposed above the tree line, and in Maine, where trekkers must make steep ascents and descents through a series of 4,000-foot (1,200-meter) mountains. The trail reaches its highest elevation, 6,643 feet (2,025 meters), as it crosses the summit of Kuwohi in Great Smoky Mountains National Park, near the Tennessee–North Carolina border.

flame azalea
1 of 2
flame azaleaFlame azaleas (Rhododendron calendulaceum) on the Appalachian Trail near Roan Mountain, Tennessee, U.S.
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: Great Smoky Mountains National Park
2 of 2
Appalachian National Scenic Trail: Great Smoky Mountains National ParkThe Appalachian National Scenic Trail in Great Smoky Mountains National Park, western North Carolina.
Popular spots along the route include Baxter State Park in Maine, the White Mountains, Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, Mount Rogers in Virginia, the Great Smoky Mountains, and Blood and Springer mountains in Georgia. Fall foliage and pastoral farms in New Hampshire and Vermont are highlights. Of the 14 states, Virginia contains the longest stretch of trail, as well as a variety of landscapes and wildlife; the path crosses Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park, Shenandoah National Park, and the Blue Ridge Parkway. The route travels on or near the Tennessee–North Carolina state line for about 200 miles (300 km) across grassy balds (elevated mountainous areas that contain no woody plants) and through forests. The southern portion of the trail is noted for areas of heavily forested wilderness and dazzling springtime displays of dogwood, azalea, and rhododendron blossoms.

The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica
This article was most recently revised and updated by Michael Ray.
coal mining
Table of Contents
Introduction
History
Coal deposits
Prospecting and exploration
Choosing a mining method
Surface mining
Underground mining
Coal preparation
Coal transportation
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images & Videos
coal mineMongolia: coal mine
Discover the challenges faced by coal miners and the changes to the industry between 1917 and 2017
Children hauling coal up the slope of an English mine; from an engraving of the 1840s.A longwall miner shearing coal at the face of a coal seam; from an underground mine in southern Ohio, U.S.Inserting steel bolts to support the roof of an underground mine in West Virginia, U.S.
The never-ending underground fire of Centralia, Pennsylvania
Schematic diagram of a flotation separation cell.coal miner loading a drill hole with an explosivecompany-owned coal miner homes, Holden, West Virginia, 1920s
For Students

coal mining summary
Discover
Duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, illustration after a painting by J. Mund.
10 Famous Duels
Secret Service Agent Listens To Earpiece
Secret Service Code Names of 11 U.S. Presidents
Clouds of smoke rise from fires at the World Trade Center Towers as a result of terrorist attack on September 11, 2001. Photographed 9:54 am in Lower Manhattan.
Timeline of the September 11 Attacks
Vincent Van Gogh, Self Portrait. Oil on canvas, 1887.
Rediscovered Artists: 6 Big Names That Time Almost Forgot
American murder suspect Lizzie Borden, 1890.
Lizzie Borden Took an Ax...
The Fairy Queen's Messenger, illustration by Richard Doyle, c. 1870s.
6 Fictional Languages You Can Really Learn
Gilles de Rais (1404-1440). Breton baron, marshal of France. Fought in guards of Joan of Arc. Accused of being serial killer of children.
Gilles de Rais: History’s First Serial Killer?
Technology
Industry
coal mine
coal mine Schematic diagram of an underground coal mine, showing surface facilities, access shafts, and room-and-pillar and longwall mining methods.
coal mining
    
Written by 
, 
•All
Fact-checked by 
Article History
Key People: Anthony Ashley Cooper, 7th earl of Shaftesbury J. Keir Hardie Hugo Stinnes David Alfred Thomas, 1st Viscount Rhondda Arthur James Cook
Related Topics: longwall method room-and-pillar mining shortwall method self-contained self-rescuer thick-seam mining
News • Hunter Valley Operations seeks short-term extension to life of major coal mine as approval deadline looms • Oct. 10, 2024, 10:09 PM ET (ABC News (Australia)) 
coal mining, extraction of coal deposits from the surface of Earth and from underground.

Mongolia: coal mine
Mongolia: coal mineTavantolgoi coal mine, southern Gobi, Mongolia.
Coal is the most abundant fossil fuel on Earth. Its predominant use has always been for producing heat energy. It was the basic energy source that fueled the Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries, and the industrial growth of that era in turn supported the large-scale exploitation of coal deposits. Since the mid-20th century, coal has yielded its place to petroleum and natural gas as the principal energy supplier of the world. The mining of coal from surface and underground deposits today is a highly productive, mechanized operation.

History
Ancient use of outcropping coal
There is archaeological evidence that coal was burned in funeral pyres during the Bronze Age, 3,000 to 4,000 years ago, in Wales. Aristotle mentions coal (“combustible bodies”) in his Meteorologica, and his pupil Theophrastus also records its use. The Romans in Britain burned coal before 400ce; cinders have been found among the ruins of Roman villas and towns and along the Roman wall, especially in Northumberland, near the outcrop of coal seams. The Hopi Indians of what is now the southwestern United States mined coal by picking and scraping and used it for heating, cooking, and in ceremonial chambers as early as the 12th century ce; in the 14th century they used it industrially in pottery making. Marco Polo reports its use as widespread in 13th-century China. The Domesday Book (1086), which recorded everything of economic value in England, does not mention coal. London’s first coal arrived by sea in 1228, from the areas of Fife and Northumberland, where lumps broken from submarine outcroppings and washed ashore by wave action were gathered by women and children. Thereafter, the name sea coal was applied to all bituminous coal in England. Later in the century, monks began to mine outcroppings in the north of England.

Developments in mine entry
Shafts
Except for the Chinese, who may have mined coal underground, all the early coal seams were worked from the surface, in fully exposed outcroppings. In the later Middle Ages, however, exhaustion of outcrop coal in many places forced a change from surface to underground, or shaft, mining. Early shaft mines were little more than wells widened as much as miners dared in the face of danger of collapse. Shafts were sunk on high ground, with adits—near-horizontal tunnels—for drainage driven into the side of the hill. In England some shallow mine shafts were exhausted as early as the 14th century, making it necessary to go deeper and expand mining at the shaft bottoms. These remained small operations; a record of 1684 shows 70 mines near Bristol, employing 123 workers. Greater depth created many problems. First, water could no longer simply be drained away. Crude methods were devised to lift it to the surface. A bucket-and-chain device was first powered by men and later by horses; a continuous belt of circular plates was drawn up through a pipe. Windmills were used for pumps. But shafts had to be restricted to depths of 90 to 105 metres (300 to 350 feet) and a mining radius of 180 metres. It was not until 1710 that the water problem was eased by Thomas Newcomen’s steam atmospheric engine, which supplied a cheap and reliable power source for a vertical reciprocating lift pump.

Hoisting
Raising the coal itself was another problem. Manpower, operating a windlass, was replaced by horsepower; and, as the shafts went deeper, more horses were added. At Whitehaven in 1801, coal was hoisted 180 metres by four horses at the rate of 42–44 metric tons (46–48 tons) in nine hours. The introduction of the steam engine to hoist coal was a major turning point for the industry. Small steam-powered windlasses were successfully tried out about 1770. About 1840 the first cage was used to hoist the loaded car; and from 1840 onward advances in coal-mining techniques were rapid.

Ventilation
The presence of noxious and flammable gases caused miners to recognize the critical importance of ventilation in coal mines from the earliest days. Natural ventilation was afforded by level drainage tunnels driven from the sloping surface to connect with the shaft. Surface stacks above the shaft increased the efficiency of ventilation; their use continued in small mines until the early 20th century. The most reliable method, before the introduction of fans, was the use of a furnace at the shaft bottom or on the surface. Despite the hazard of fire and explosion, there were still a large number of furnaces operating, at least in nongassy mines, in the early 20th century.

Open-flame illumination, however, was a much more common cause of explosions until the introduction of the Davy safety lamp (about 1815), in which the flame is enclosed in a double layer of wire gauze that prevents ignition of flammable gases in the air of the mine. Presence of strong air currents, however, made even the Davy lamp unsafe.


Are you a student?
Get a special academic rate on Britannica Premium.
Rotary ventilating fans were introduced in mines in the 18th century. Originally of wood and powered by steam, they were improved throughout the 19th and 20th centuries by the introduction of steel blades, electric power, and aerodynamically efficient shapes for the blades.

From manual to mechanized extraction
Conventional mining
Early European miners wedged coal out of the seam or broke it loose with a pick. After explosives were introduced, it was still necessary to undercut the coal seam with hand tools. The advent of steam, compressed air, and electricity brought relief from this hard, dangerous work. In 1868, after almost 100 years of trial and error, a commercially successful revolving-wheel cutter for undercutting the coal seam was introduced in England. This first powered cutting tool was soon improved by introduction of compressed air as a power source in place of steam. Later, electricity was used. The longwall cutter was introduced in 1891. Originally driven by compressed air and later electrified, it could begin at one end of a long face (the vertical, exposed cross section of a seam of coal) and cut continuously to the other.

Development of continuous mining
Discover the challenges faced by coal miners and the changes to the industry between 1917 and 2017
Discover the challenges faced by coal miners and the changes to the industry between 1917 and 2017Learn about the lives of coal miners in the early 20th century in this video.
See all videos for this article
The conventional mining techniques described above, made up of the cyclic operations of cutting, drilling, blasting, and loading, developed in association with room-and-pillar mining. The oldest of the basic underground methods, room-and-pillar mining grew naturally out of the need to recover more coal as mining operations became deeper and more expensive. During the late 1940s, conventional techniques began to be replaced by single machines, known as continuous miners, that broke off the coal from the seam and transferred it back to the haulage system. The Joy Ripper (1948) was the first continuous miner applicable to the room-and-pillar method.

Origins of longwall mining
The other principal method of modern mining, longwall mining, had been introduced as early as the 17th century and had found general use by the 19th century, but it had long been less productive than room-and-pillar mining. This began to change in the 1940s, when a continuous system involving the “plow” was developed by Wilhelm Loebbe of Germany. Pulled across the face of the coal and guided by a pipe on the face side of a segmented conveyor, the plow carved a gash off the bottom of the seam. The conveyor snaked against the face behind the advancing plow to catch the coal that chipped off from above the gash. Substantially reducing the labour required at the coal face (except that needed to install roof support), the Loebbe system quickly became popular in Germany, France, and the Low Countries.

The plow itself had limited application in British mines, but the power-advanced segmented conveyor became a fundamental part of equipment there, and in 1952 a simple continuous machine called the shearer was introduced. Pulled along the face astride the conveyor, the shearer bore a series of disks fitted with picks on their perimeters and mounted on a shaft perpendicular to the face. The revolving disks cut a slice from the coal face as the machine was pulled along, and a plow behind the machine cleaned up any coal that dropped between the face and the conveyor.

Roof support
The technique of supporting the roof by rock bolting became common in the late 1940s and did much to provide an unobstructed working area for room-and-pillar mining, but it was a laborious and slow operation that prevented longwall mining from realizing its potential. In the late 1950s, however, powered, self-advancing roof supports were introduced by the British. Individually or in groups, these supports, attached to the conveyor, could be hydraulically lowered, advanced, and reset against the roof, thus providing a prop-free area for equipment (between the coal face and the first row of jacks) and a canopied pathway for miners (between the first and second rows of jacks).

Haulage
Manual labour to electric power
Children hauling coal up the slope of an English mine; from an engraving of the 1840s.
Children hauling coal up the slope of an English mine; from an engraving of the 1840s.
In the first shaft mines, coal was loaded into baskets that were carried on the backs of men or women or loaded on wooden sledges or trams that were then pushed or hauled through the main haulage roadway to the shaft bottom to be hung on hoisting ropes or chains. In drift and slope mines, the coal was brought directly to the surface by these and similar methods. Sledges were pulled first by men and later by animals, including mules, horses, oxen, and even dogs and goats.

Steam locomotives designed by Richard Trevithick were used in the fields of South Wales and Tyne and later in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, but they created too much smoke. Compressed-air locomotives, which appeared in the 1880s, proved expensive to operate. Electric locomotives, introduced in 1887, rapidly became popular, but mules and horses were still working in some mines as late as the 1940s.

Mechanized loading
The loading by hand of broken coal into railcars was made obsolete early in the 20th century by mobile loaders. The Stanley Header, the first coal-loading machine used in the United States, was developed in England and tested in Colorado in 1888. Others were developed, but few progressed beyond the prototype stage until the Joy machine was introduced in 1914. Employing the gathering-arm principle, the Joy machine provided the pattern for future successful mobile loaders. After the introduction in 1938 of electric-powered, rubber-tired shuttle cars designed to carry coal from the loading machine to the elevator, mobile loading and haulage rapidly supplanted track haulage at the face of room-and-pillar mines.

Conveyors
In 1924 a conveyor belt was successfully used in an anthracite mine in central Pennsylvania to carry coal from a group of room conveyors to a string of cars at the mine entry. By the 1960s belts had almost completely replaced railcars for intermediate haulage.

Preparation
The history of coal preparation begins in the 19th century, with the adaptation of mineral-processing methods used for enriching metallic ores from their associated impurities. In the early years, larger pieces of coal were simply handpicked from pieces composed predominantly of mineral matter. Washing with mechanical devices to separate the coal from associated rocks on the basis of their density differences began during the 1840s.

At first, coal preparation was necessitated by the demand for higher heating values; another demand was for such special purposes as metallurgical coke for steelmaking. In recent years, as concern has grown over the emission of sulfur dioxide in the flue gases of power plants, coal preparation has taken on greater importance as a measure to remove atmospheric pollutants.

M. Albert Evans
Raja Venkat Ramani
Coal deposits
Formation
Coalification
In geologic terms, coal is a sedimentary rock containing a mixture of constituents, mostly of vegetal origin. Vegetal matter is composed mainly of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, sulfur, and some inorganic mineral elements. When this material decays under water, in the absence of oxygen, the carbon content increases. The initial product of this decomposition process is known as peat. Peat can be formed in bogs, marshes, or freshwater swamps, and in fact huge freshwater swamps of the geologic past provided favourable conditions for the formation of thick peat deposits that over time became coal deposits. The transformation of peat to lignite is the result of pressure exerted by sedimentary materials that accumulate over the peat deposits. Even greater pressures and heat from movements of Earth’s crust (as occurs during mountain building), and occasionally from igneous intrusion, cause the transformation of lignite to bituminous and anthracite coal.

Major coal eras
Coal deposits are known to have formed more than 400 million years ago. Most anthracite and bituminous coals occur within the 299- to 359.2-million-year-old strata of the Carboniferous Period, the so-called first coal age. The formation of coal deposits continued through the Permian, Triassic, and Jurassic periods into the “second coal age,” which includes the Cretaceous, Paleogene, and Neogene periods. Coals of the Cretaceous Period (145.5 million to 65.5 million years ago) are generally in the high-volatile to medium-volatile bituminous ranks. Cenozoic coals, formed less than 65.5 million years ago, are predominantly of the subbituminous and lignitic ranks.

Rank and grade
The rank of a coal indicates the progressive changes in carbon, volatile matter, and probably ash and sulfur that take place as coalification progresses from the lower-rank lignite through the higher ranks of subbituminous, high-volatile bituminous, low-volatile bituminous, and anthracite. The rank of a coal should not be confused with its grade. A high rank (e.g., anthracite) represents coal from a deposit that has undergone the greatest degree of devolatilization and contains very little mineral matter, ash, and moisture. On the other hand, any rank of coal, when cleaned of impurities through coal preparation, will be of a higher grade.

Resources and reserves
Distribution worldwide
Coal deposits are found in sedimentary rock basins, where they appear as successive layers, or seams, sandwiched between strata of sandstone and shale. There are more than 2,000 coal-bearing sedimentary basins distributed around the world. World coal resources—that is, the total amount of coal available in the world—are approximately 11 trillion tons. The distribution of the estimated coal resources of the world is approximately as follows: Europe (including Russia and the former Soviet republics) 49 percent; North America 29 percent; Asia 14 percent; Australia 6 percent; and Africa and South America 1 percent each. Distinct from coal resources are coal reserves, which are only those resources that are technically and economically minable at a particular time. The current recoverable coal reserves of the world are estimated at 760 billion tons. Their distribution by continent is: Europe 44 percent; North America 28 percent; Asia 17 percent; Australia 5 percent; Africa 5 percent; and South America 1 percent.

Economic factors
Among the most important factors that influence the movement of a coal deposit from a resource to a reserve or vice versa are the price of coal in the energy market and the costs of producing the coal for that market. Currently, seams less than 30 centimetres (1 foot) in thickness are not considered economically recoverable. Furthermore, extraction from seams at great depth—i.e., over 1,000 metres (3,300 feet)—presents great difficulties. Other geologic features, such as excessively steep seams, extensive faulting and folding, washouts created by erosion and sedimentation, and burnout of the coal seams by igneous intrusion, all affect the amount and quality of coal that can be recovered from a seam.

Prospecting and exploration
The fundamental objective of coal prospecting is to discover coal resources through a search. In areas where coal mining has not been previously practiced, the search process should result in obtaining coal samples that give reasonable evidence of the existence of a coal seam. Once a seam has been discovered, considerable further work is necessary in order to advance knowledge of the particular geologic aspects and the extent of the coal deposit. The term coal exploration is used to describe these activities. Coal exploration includes activities and evaluations necessary to gather data for making decisions on such issues as the desirability of further exploration, the technical feasibility of mining (including favourable and unfavourable factors), and economic feasibility (including size of mine, coal quality assessment, marketability, and preparation of mined coal for market requirements).

Mapping
Geologic mapping is an important task in exploration. Mapping involves compiling detailed field notes on coal seams, strata above and below the seam, rock types, geologic structures, stream data, and man-made structures. Good maps and mapping techniques provide a means for planning and accomplishing exploration, development, reclamation, day-to-day operations, and equipment moves. Calculation of material volumes, location of physical elements, and determination of mining conditions are expedited by the use of maps. Maps also provide a method for recording data so that they can be organized and analyzed for ready reference.

Aerial photography and mapping methods (photogrammetry) are increasing in usefulness, particularly in the exploration and mining of surface deposits. Photogrammetric methods are relatively easy and inexpensive, can be adjusted to any scale, and are highly accurate in any terrain. Aerial photography can be conducted at an altitude designed to produce maps that show drainage configuration, roads, buildings, lakes, streams, timber, power lines, railroads, and fences or other features that may be missed by a ground survey.

Drilling
Drilling is the most reliable method of gathering information about a coal deposit and the mining conditions. It provides physical samples of the coal and overlying strata for chemical and physical analysis.

Spatial patterns
Numerous factors are associated with a drilling program. One is the spatial pattern of the holes in an exploration area. When very large areas are being studied, hole spacings vary greatly and generally are not in any set pattern. When the program is narrowed to a specific target area, a grid pattern is most common. In areas where coal is known to exist, closely spaced drill-hole patterns are required.

Core drilling and rotary drilling
A second factor associated with a drilling program is the choice between core drilling and rotary drilling. In core drilling, a hollow drill bit is attached to a core barrel so that cylindrical samples of the strata can be obtained. (Since the drill bit is faceted with diamonds for cutting the strata, this method is also called diamond core drilling.) Photographing the cores as they come out of the hole can provide data of great reliability. In rotary drilling, the samples obtained are the chips and pulverized rock produced by the abrasive and chipping action of the drill bit. Rotary drilling is faster and comparatively less expensive than core drilling. In fact, it is not uncommon to drill down to the top of the coal seam by rotary drilling and then replace the drill tools for core drilling. In most programs, only 10 to 25 percent of the holes are actually cored for detailed information on overlying strata and coal. Coring of the coal seam itself, however, should closely approach 100 percent; if it does not, the analytical information obtained should be considered suspect.

Dozer cutting
Exploration of coal outcrops may be accomplished with dozer cuts at regular intervals. Dozer cutting provides information on the attitude of the coal and on the nature of the overburden—important factors with regard to machine operation.

Geophysical exploration
In geophysical exploration, the seismic, electric, magnetic, radiometric, and gravitational properties of earth materials are measured in order to detect anomalies that may be caused by the presence of mineral deposits. Their form of exploration may begin with airborne methods in regional and target-area investigations and continue with on-ground methods during detailed investigations. The most widely utilized airborne methods are, in increasing order of use, magnetic, magnetic plus radiometric, magnetic plus electromagnetic, and electromagnetic. These methods are almost always accompanied by aerial photography.

Ground geophysical methods have a major advantage over the airborne methods in that they are in direct contact with the earth. The principal methods are electrical, magnetic, electromagnetic, radiometric, gravimetric, and refraction-seismic. The drill-hole geophysical survey, called logging, is an important method of extending data acquisition beyond the drill hole. A combination of logging methods is advantageous: gamma-ray and density logging for identifying the type of coal present; gamma-ray (radiometric), resistivity (electric), and calliper logs for determining the thickness of the seam; and sonic and density logs for determining the condition of the roof and floor strata.

Choosing a mining method
The various methods of mining a coal seam can be classified under two headings, surface mining and underground mining. Surface and underground coal mining are broad activities that incorporate numerous variations in equipment and methods, and the choice of which method to use in extracting a coal seam depends on many technological, economic, and social factors. The technological factors include, at a minimum, the number of seams, the thickness and steepness of each seam, the nature and thickness of the strata overlying the seams, the quality of the coal seams, the surface topography, the surface features, and the transportation networks available. Economic factors include energy demand and its growth, the supply and cost of alternative sources of energy, coal quality and the cost of coal preparation, the selling price of coal, advancements in technology that affect costs of production, and environmental legislation. Social factors include prior history of mining in the area, ownership patterns, availability of labour, and local or regional government support.

It is a general rule that technological factors dictate a clear choice between surface and underground mining, whereas economic and social factors determine whether a coal reserve will be mined at all. Some coal reserves, however, are surface-mined first and then deep-mined when the coal seam extends to such great depths that it becomes uneconomical to continue with surface mining. The point where it becomes economically necessary to switch from one method to the other can be calculated with the aid of stripping ratios, which represent the amount of waste material that must be removed to extract a given amount of coal. Stripping ratios can also consider the selling price of coal, and a certain minimum profit can be added to the total cost of producing and marketing the coal for a more thorough cost-benefit analysis.

Analysis of world coal production indicates that contributions from surface and underground production are approximately equal. Anthracite seams (less than 10 percent of world coal production) are generally mined by underground methods, whereas lignite seams (25 percent) are most often surface-mined. Bituminous seams (approximately 65 percent) are mined in roughly equal proportions by both methods.

Surface mining
Surface coal mining generally involves the following sequence of unit operations: (1) clearing the land of trees and vegetation, (2) removing and storing the top layers of the unconsolidated soil (topsoil), (3) drilling the hard strata over the coal seam, (4) fragmenting or blasting the hard strata with explosives, (5) removing the blasted material, exposing the coal seam, and cleaning the top of the coal seam, (6) fragmenting the coal seam, as required, by drilling and blasting, (7) loading the loose coal onto haulage conveyances, (8) transporting the coal from the mine to the plant, and (9) reclaiming lands affected by the mining activity.

Mining methods
Surface techniques can be broadly classified into (1) contour strip mining, (2) area strip mining, (3) open-pit mining, and (4) auger mining.

Contour strip mining
Contour mining is commonly practiced where a coal seam outcrops in rolling or hilly terrain. Basically, the method consists of removing the overburden above the coal seam and then, starting at the outcrop and proceeding along the hillside, creating a bench around the hill. In the past, the blasted overburden spoil was simply shoved down the hill; currently, soil is either carried down the mountain to fill a chosen valley in horizontal layers or is replaced on the working bench itself in places where coal has been removed. If the break-even stripping ratio remains favourable, further cuts into the hillside will be made. Otherwise, if there are sufficient reserves under the knob of the hill, the coal may be recovered by underground mining or by augering.

Area strip mining
Area mining, applied where the terrain is flat, commences with a trench or “box cut” made through the overburden to expose a portion of the coal seam. This trench is extended to the limits of the property in the strike direction. After coal removal, a second cut is made parallel to the first one, and the overburden material from this cut is placed in the void of the first cut. The process is repeated in successive parallel cuts until the stripping ratio indicates that continued surface mining is uneconomical.

Open-pit mining
In open-pit mining of the coal seam, several benches are established in both the overburden strata and the coal seam. The open-pit method is generally practiced where thick coal seams are overlain by thick or thin overburden; it is also used for mining steeply pitching coal seams. In the beginning stages of mining, considerable volumes of overburden materials must be accumulated in large dump areas outside the mine.

Auger mining
Auger mining is usually associated with contour strip mining. With this method, the coal is removed by drilling auger holes from the last contour cut and extracting it in the same manner that shavings are produced by a carpenter’s bit. Coal recovery rates approach 60 percent with this method. The cutting heads of some augers are as high as 2.5 metres. As each stem works its way into the coal seam, additional auger stems are added, so that hole depths of more than 60 to 100 metres are not uncommon. Problems of subsidence, water pollution, and potential fires are associated with augering.

Highwall mining is an adaptation of auger mining. Instead of an auger hole, an entry into the coal seam is made by a continuous miner, remotely operated from a cabin at the surface. The cut coal is transported by conveyors behind the miner to the outside. Using a television camera, the operator can see and control the miner’s progress. The entry can be advanced 300 to 400 metres into the coal seam, after which the miner is retreated to the surface and repositioned to drive an entry adjacent to the previous one. Advantages over augering include higher productivity, greater safety, and lower cost.

Equipment
Dozers and scrapers
A variety of equipment is used in a surface mining operation. In land clearing, topsoil removal, and preparation of the mining area for subsequent unit operations, bulldozers and scrapers have extensive applications. These pieces of equipment have grown bigger and better over the years. Currently, scrapers for rock have bucket capacities of 33 cubic metres (1,165 cubic feet; about 47 tons of material), and scrapers for coal have capacities of 43 cubic metres (37 tons). Bulldozers have blade capacities up to 30 cubic metres.

Drilling and blasting
Where strata are hard, drilling and blasting are necessary. Blastholes are generally drilled from the surface, are vertical, and vary in diameter from 25 to 100 centimetres. In some mines, horizontal holes are drilled into the overburden with the drill sitting on the coal surface. The holes are charged with explosives that are based on a mix of ammonium nitrate and fuel oil (ANFO) in dry mix, slurry, or emulsion form. It is common to have a bulk-explosive truck drive into the area where holes have been drilled to fill holes with custom-designed explosive mixtures.

Shovels and trucks
Overburden removal is the most important operation in the system. When the haul distances are small (for example, 500 to 1,000 metres) and the overburden material soft, a fleet of scrapers can load, haul, and dump the overburden. Where distances are very small (for example, 30 to 40 metres), mobile front-end loaders, or wheel loaders, may be used to load, haul, and dump. At greater haul distances, a fleet of trucks may be necessary, the trucks being loaded by front-end loaders.

Three types of shovel are currently used in mines: the stripping shovel, the loading (or quarry-mine) shovel, and the hydraulic shovel. The hydraulic mining shovel has been widely used for coal and rock loading since the 1970s. The hydraulic system of power transmission greatly simplifies the power train, eliminates a number of mechanical components that are present in the loading shovel, and provides good crowding and breakout forces. Hydraulic and loading shovels are available with capacities up to and over 30 cubic metres. The capacity of the loading shovel is carefully matched with the haul unit into which the load will be dumped. In open-pit coal mines, the haul units for overburden material are usually large, off-highway, end-dumping trucks; their capacities range from 35 to 250 tons. The stripping shovel has a large bucket, usually sits in the pit on the top of the coal seam, digs into the overburden material, and deposits it in the adjacent mined-out area.

Draglines
Draglines are by far the most commonly used overburden-removal equipment in surface coal mining. A dragline sits on the top of the overburden, digs the overburden material directly in front of it, and disperses the material over greater distances than a shovel. Compared with shovels, draglines provide greater flexibility, work on higher benches, and move more material per hour. The largest dragline in operation has a bucket capacity of 170 cubic metres.

Wheel excavators
The bucket-wheel excavator (BWE) is a continuous excavation machine capable of removing up to 12,000 cubic metres per hour. The most favourable soil and strata conditions for BWE operation are soft, unconsolidated overburden materials without large boulders. BWEs are widely employed in lignite mining in Europe, Australia, and India. In these mines, the wheel excavators deposit the overburden and coal materials onto high-speed, high-capacity belt conveyors for transport to the mined-out areas of the pit and the coal stockpile, respectively. In the United States, wheel excavators have been used in combination with shovels or draglines, with a wheel handling soft topsoil and clay layers and a shovel or dragline removing hard strata.

Coal removal
Coal is usually loaded by front-end loaders, loading shovels, or wheel excavators into off-highway, bottom-dump trucks for transport to the stockpile. In small operations, it can be loaded into on-highway trucks for direct shipment to customers. In some open-pit operations with BWEs, rail haulage is practiced in the benches themselves, coal and overburden being loaded directly into railcars by the wheel excavator. Nevertheless, in BWE operations belt haulage is preferable, as it facilitates continuous mining.

Reclamation equipment
Equipment used in reclaiming mined lands includes bulldozers, scrapers, graders, seeders, and other equipment used extensively in agriculture. Reclamation operations, which include backfilling the last cut after coal removal, regrading the final surface, and revegetating and restoring the land for future use, are integrated with the mining operation in a timely manner in order to reduce erosion and sediment discharge, slope instability, and water-quality problems.

A primary goal of reclamation is to restore or enhance the land-use capability of disturbed land. Various reclamation programs aim at restoring the ground for farming and livestock raising, reforestation, recreation, and housing and industrial sites. Even spoil banks that can be revegetated present only minor problems and have great potential for development. There are, however, marginal and problem spoils (such as those containing acids or toxic wastes) that require special attention and additional planning.

Underground mining
In underground coal mining, the working environment is completely enclosed by the geologic medium, which consists of the coal seam and the overlying and underlying strata. Access to the coal seam is gained by suitable openings from the surface, and a network of roadways driven in the seam then facilitates the installation of service facilities for such essential activities as human and material transport, ventilation, water handling and drainage, and power. This phase of an underground mining operation is termed “mine development.” Often the extraction of coal from the seam during mine development is called “first mining”; the extraction of the remaining seam is called “second mining.”

Mining methods
Modern underground coal-mining methods can be classified into four distinct categories: room-and-pillar, longwall, shortwall, and thick-seam.

Room-and-pillar mining
In this method, a number of parallel entries are driven into the coal seam. The entries are connected at intervals by wider entries, called rooms, that are cut through the seam at right angles to the entries. The resulting grid formation creates thick pillars of coal that support the overhead strata of earth and rock. There are two main room-and-pillar systems, the conventional and the continuous. In the conventional system, the unit operations of undercutting, drilling, blasting, and loading are performed by separate machines and work crews. In a continuous operation, one machine—the continuous miner—rips coal from the face and loads it directly into a hauling unit. In both methods, the exposed roof is supported after loading, usually by rock bolts.

Under favourable conditions, between 30 and 50 percent of the coal in an area can be recovered during development of the pillars. For recovering coal from the pillars themselves, many methods are practiced, depending on the roof and floor conditions. The increased pressure created by pillar removal must be transferred in an orderly manner to the remaining pillars, so that there is no excessive accumulation of stress on them. Otherwise, the unrecovered pillars may start to fail, endangering the miners and mining equipment. The general procedure is to extract one row of pillars at a time, leaving the mined-out portion, or gob, free to subside. While extraction of all the coal in a pillar is a desirable objective, partial pillar extraction schemes are more common.

At depths greater than 400 to 500 metres, room-and-pillar methods become very difficult to practice, owing to excessive roof pressure and the larger pillar sizes that are required.

Longwall mining
A longwall miner shearing coal at the face of a coal seam; from an underground mine in southern Ohio, U.S.
A longwall miner shearing coal at the face of a coal seam; from an underground mine in southern Ohio, U.S.
In the longwall mining method, mine development is carried out in such a manner that large blocks of coal, usually 100 to 300 metres wide and 1,000 to 3,000 metres long, are available for complete extraction (see photograph ). A block of coal is extracted in slices, the dimensions of which are fixed by the height of coal extracted, the width of the longwall face, and the thickness of the slice (ranging from 0.6 to 1.2 metres). In manual or semimechanized operations, the coal is undercut along the width of the panel to the depth of the intended slice. It is then drilled and blasted, and the broken coal is loaded onto a conveyor at the face. The sequence of operations continues with support of the roof at the face and shifting of the conveyor forward. The cycle of cutting, drilling, blasting, loading, roof supporting, and conveyor shifting is repeated until the entire block is mined out.

In modern mechanized longwall operations, the coal is cut and loaded onto a face conveyor by continuous longwall miners called shearers or plows (see photograph). The roof is supported by mechanized, self-advancing supports called longwall shields, which form a protective steel canopy under which the face conveyor, workers, and shearer operate. In combination with shields and conveyors, longwall shearers or plows create a truly continuous mining system with a huge production capacity. Record productions exceeding 20,000 tons per day, 400,000 tons per month, and 3.5 million tons per year have been reported from a single U.S. longwall shearer face.

Two main longwall systems are widely practiced. The system described above, known as the retreating method, is the most commonly used in the United States. In this method the block is developed to its boundary first, and then the block is mined back toward the main haulage tunnel. In the advancing longwall method, which is more common in Europe, development of the block takes place only 30 to 40 metres ahead of the mining of the block, and the two operations proceed together to the boundary.

In longwall mining, as in the room-and-pillar system, the safe transfer of roof pressures to the solid coal ahead of the face and to the caved roof behind the face is necessary. Caving of the overlying strata generally extends to the surface, causing surface subsidence. The subsidence over a longwall face is generally more uniform than it is over room-and-pillar workings. If conditions are such that the roof will not cave or subsidence to the surface is not allowable, it will be necessary to backfill the void with materials such as sand, waste from coal-preparation plants, or fly ash. Owing to technical and environmental reasons, backfilling is practiced in many mining countries (e.g., Poland, India), but the cost of production is much higher with backfilling than it is without.

Shortwall mining
In the shortwall mining method, the layout is similar to the longwall method except that the block of coal is not more than 100 metres wide. Furthermore, the slices are as much as three metres thick and are taken by a continuous miner. The mined coal is dumped onto a face conveyor or other face haulage equipment. The roof is supported by specially designed shields, which operate in the same manner as longwall shields. Although a great future was envisioned for shortwall mining, it has not lived up to expectations.

Thick-seam mining
Coal seams as much as five metres thick can be mined in a single “lift” by the longwall method, and seams up to seven metres thick have been extracted by conventional mining systems in one pass. However, when a seam exceeds these thicknesses, its extraction usually involves dividing the seam into a number of slices and mining each slice with longwall, continuous, or conventional mining methods. The thickness of each slice may vary from three to four metres. Many variations exist in the manner in which the complete seam is extracted. The slices may be taken in ascending or descending order. If the roof conditions or spontaneous-combustion liability of the seam requires that there be no caving, the void created by mining will be backfilled. The backfill material then acts as an artificial floor or roof for the next slice. Caving is the preferred practice, however.

Thick coal seams containing soft coal or friable bands and overlain by a medium-to-strong roof that parts easily from the coal can be fragmented by a high-pressure water jet. For successful operation, the floor must not deteriorate through contact with water, and the seam gradient must be steep enough to allow the water to flush the broken coal from the mined areas. Under favourable conditions, hydraulic mining of coal is productive, safe, and economical. It has been employed experimentally within the United States and Canada, but it is practiced extensively in the Kuznetsk Basin of Siberia for the extraction of multiseam, steeply pitching deposits. Here the water is also used to transport the coal from the working faces to a common point through open channels and from the common point to the surface through high-pressure hydraulic transportation systems.

Auxiliary and unit operations
Those activities which are essential to maintain safe and productive operating conditions both at the working faces and in all parts of the mine are known as auxiliary operations. These include ground control, ventilation, haulage, drainage, power supply, lighting, and communications. Those activities which are conducted sequentially in a production cycle—i.e., cutting and hauling the coal and supporting the immediate exposed roof after coal removal—are called unit operations. Unit operations are planned and conducted so as to use the auxiliary services most effectively for maintaining health and safety as well as productivity at the locations where coal is actually being mined.

Access
Accesses to a coal seam, called portals, are the first to be completed and generally the last to be sealed. A large coal mine will have several portals. Their locations and the types of facilities installed in them depend on their principal use, whether for worker and material transport, ventilation, drainage and power lines, or emergency services. In many cases, the surface facilities near a portal include bathhouses and a lamp room; coal handling, storage, preparation, and load-out facilities; a fan house; water- and waste-handling systems; maintenance warehouses; office buildings; and parking lots.

There are three types of portal: drift, slope, and shaft. Where a coal seam outcrops to the surface, it is common to drive horizontal entries, called drifts, into the coal seam from the outcrop. Where the coal seam does not outcrop but is not far below the surface, it is accessed by driving sloping tunnels through the intervening ground. Slopes are driven at as steep an angle as is practicable for transporting coal by belt. Commonly, a pair of slopes is driven (or a slope is divided into two separate airtight compartments) or ventilation and material transport. Where the minimum coal-seam depth exceeds 250 to 300 metres, it is common to drive vertical shafts. (Poor ground conditions are another factor in selecting a shaft over a slope.) Shafts, too, may be split into separate compartments for fresh air, return air, worker and supply transport, and coal haulage.

Capital and operating costs for coal haulage are lowest in a drift access. Capital investment for coal haulage in a shaft or a slope is somewhat similar, but operating costs are generally higher in a shaft, owing to the noncontinuous nature of shaft coal-handling facilities. It has been estimated that shafts and slopes, drifts, and permanent equipment in these access openings may account for more than 30 percent of the capital investment in a large mine.

Ground control and roof support
Overall ground control—i.e., long-term stability of mine accesses and entries and subsidence control—can be regarded as an auxiliary operation, whereas supporting the roof at production faces (roof control) is a unit operation. Ground control is concerned with the design of underground entries, their widths, the distance between the entries, and the number of entries that can be driven as a set. A hierarchy of entries exists in underground coal mines. Main entries are driven so as to divide the property into major areas; they usually serve the life of the mine for ventilation and for worker and material transport. Submain entries can be regarded as feeders from the mains that subdivide each major area. From the submains, panel entries take off to subdivide further a block of coal into panels for orderly coal extraction.

In some cases, complete collapse of the overlying strata during extraction eventually travels to the surface, resulting in surface depressions. This effect is called subsidence. Clearly, the wider and more numerous the entries, the more effective they will be for ventilation, materials handling, and first-mining extraction percentage. However, with increased width may come problems in entry and pillar stability. Often, by limiting the first mining to a small fraction of the coal seam and by laying out large undisturbed blocks of coal, subsidence may be reduced. The science of rock mechanics is well advanced and is useful for understanding such stability problems and for the design of mine openings, pillar sizing, extraction techniques, and planned subsidence.

Inserting steel bolts to support the roof of an underground mine in West Virginia, U.S.
Inserting steel bolts to support the roof of an underground mine in West Virginia, U.S.
Roof support at the face (the area where coal is actively mined) is intended to hold the immediate roof above the coal face. In modern mechanized mines, roof bolting is the most common method employed. Steel bolts, usually 1.2 to 2 metres long and 15 to 25 millimetres in diameter, are inserted in holes drilled into the roof by an electric rotary drill and are secured by either friction or resin. The bolts are set in rows across the entry, 1.2 to 1.8 metres apart. Several theories explain how roof bolts hold the roof. These include the beam theory (roof bolts tie together several weak strata into one), the suspension theory (weak members of the strata are suspended from a strong anchor horizon), and the keying-effect theory (roof bolts act much like the keystone in an arch).

Additional supporting systems for entries (mains, submains, and panels) include temporary or permanent hydraulic or friction props, cribs (made of timber or reinforced concrete block), yieldable steel arches, and roof trusses.

Haulage
Coal haulage, the transport of mined coal from working faces to the surface, is a major factor in underground-mine efficiency. It can be considered in three stages: face or section haulage, which transfers the coal from the active working faces; intermediate or panel haulage, which transfers the coal onto the primary or main haulage; and the main haulage system, which removes the coal from the mine. The fundamental difference between face, intermediate, and main haulages is that the last two are essentially auxiliary operations in support of the first. Face haulage systems must be designed to handle large, instantaneous production from the cutting machines, whereas the outer haulage systems must be designed to accommodate such surges from several operating faces. Use of higher-capacity equipment in combination with bins or bunkers is common. In addition, face haulage systems generally discharge onto ratio-feeders or feeder-breakers in order to even out the flow of material onto the intermediate systems and to break very large lumps of coal or rock to below a maximum size.

In room-and-pillar systems, electric-powered, rubber-tired vehicles called shuttle cars haul coal from the face to the intermediate haulage system. In some semimechanized or manual longwall operations, chain haulage is used, while the face haulage equipment of choice in modern mechanized longwall systems is an armoured face conveyor (AFC). In addition to carrying coal from the face, the AFC serves as the guide for the longwall shearer, which rides on it (see above, Mining methods: Longwall mining).

Intermediate haulage in coal mines is provided by panel belts or by mine cars driven by locomotives. Panel belts have widths ranging from 90 to 150 centimetres, the wider belts being used with longwall panels. The use of mine cars and locomotives requires detailed considerations of shuttle-car dumping ramps, locomotive switching requirements, the inventory of mine cars, and track layout for empties and loads. Locomotives are electric- or diesel-powered. Mainline haulage is also provided by belt or railcar. The major differences are only in the size, scope, and permanence of installations. For example, mainline belts are laid for the life of the mine and are much wider and faster than intermediate belts. Mainline locomotives are also much larger than intermediate locomotives, and mainline tracks are built to more exacting standards of speed and reliability.

For the transport of maintenance and operating supplies to the working sections, advantage is taken of the mainline, intermediate, and face haulage systems. Monorail systems or endless-rope haulage systems, which are much like ski lifts, are commonly used in intermediate and face systems to transport supplies to the working faces. In all-belt mines, it is not unusual to have trolley rail haulage for carrying workers and materials to and from the working face. Other supply haulage equipment includes scoops and battery- or diesel-powered trucks.

Ventilation
The primary purpose of underground-mine ventilation is to provide oxygen to the miners and to dilute, render harmless, and carry away dangerous accumulations of gases and dust. In some of the gassiest mines, more than six tons of air are circulated through the mine for every ton of coal mined. Air circulation is achieved by creating a pressure difference between the mine workings and the surface through the use of fans. Fresh air is conducted through a set of mine entries (called intakes) to all places where miners may be working. After passing through the workings, this air (now termed return air) is conducted back to the surface through another set of entries (called returns). The intake and return airstreams are kept separate. Miners generally work in the intake airstream, although occasionally work must be done in the return airways.

The task of bringing fresh air near the production faces is an important auxiliary operation, while the task of carrying this air up to the working faces—the locations of which may change several times in a shift—is the unit operation known as face ventilation. The major difference between main ventilation and face ventilation is the number and nature of the ventilation control devices (fans, stoppings, doors, regulators, and air-crossings). In face ventilation, plastic or plastic-coated nylon cloth is generally used to construct stoppings and to divide the air along a face into the two streams of intake and return air. Furthermore, the stoppings, which are generally hung from the roof, are not secured at the bottom, in case machinery and coal must be transported from one side to the other. Main ventilation stoppings and air crossings, on the other hand, are constructed of brick or blocks and coated with mortar; the fans, regulators, and doors are also of substantial construction.

Monitoring and control
Advancements in sensor technology and in computer hardware and software capabilities are finding increasing application in underground coal mines, especially in the monitoring and control of ventilation, haulage, and machine condition. Longwall shearers and shields can be remotely operated, and continuous miners have also been equipped with automatic controls. The atmospheric environment is remotely monitored for air velocity, concentrations of various gases, and airborne dust; fans and pumps are also monitored continuously for their operational status and characteristics.

Health, safety, and environment
In coal mining—particularly underground coal mining—there are numerous conditions that can threaten the health and safety of the miners. For this reason, coal mining worldwide is heavily regulated through health and safety laws. Through the development of new equipment for personnel protection, new approaches to mine design, more effective emergency preparedness plans and procedures, and major changes in legislation, regulation, and enforcement, higher standards of health and safety are now achieved. For example, the self-contained self-rescuer (SCSR) represents a significant development in raising a miner’s chances of survival and escape after an explosion, fire, or similar emergency contaminates the mine atmosphere with toxic gases. This lightweight, belt-wearable device is available worldwide and is mandated in several countries to be carried on the person whenever underground.

The never-ending underground fire of Centralia, Pennsylvania
The never-ending underground fire of Centralia, PennsylvaniaLearn about the underground coal mine fire burning in Centralia, Pennsylvania.
See all videos for this article
The effects of mining on the water, air, and land outside the mine are as important as those that occur in the mine. These effects may be felt both on- and off-site; in addition, they may vary in severity from simple annoyance and property damage to possibly tragic illness and death. Even abandoned lands from past mining activities present such problems as mine fires, precipitous slopes, waste piles, subsidence, water pollution, derelict land, and other hazards endangering general welfare and public health. Growing environmental consciousness has brought about a greater consideration of environmental factors in the planning, designing, and operating of mines.

Coal preparation
As explained above, during the formation of coal and subsequent geologic activities, a coal seam may acquire mineral matter, veins of clay, bands of rock, and igneous intrusions. In addition, during the process of mining, a portion of the roof and floor material may be taken along with the coal seam in order to create adequate working height for the equipment and miners. Therefore, run-of-mine (ROM) coal—the coal that comes directly from a mine—has impurities associated with it. The buyer, on the other hand, may demand certain specifications depending on the intended use of the coal, whether for utility combustion, carbonization, liquefaction, or gasification. In very simple terms, the process of converting ROM coal into marketable products is called coal preparation.

Levels of cleaning
Coal preparation results in at least two product streams, the clean coal product and the reject. Generally, five levels of preparation can be identified, each being an incremental level of cleaning over the previous one:

Level 0:

At this level, no coal cleaning is done; ROM coal is shipped directly to the customer.

Level 1:

ROM coal is crushed to below a maximum size; undesirable constituents such as tramp iron, timber, and perhaps strong rocks are removed; the product is commonly called raw coal.

Level 2:

The product from level 1 is sized into two products: coarse coal (larger than 12.5 millimetres) and fine coal (less than 12.5 millimetres); the coarse coal is cleaned to remove impurities; the fine coal is added to the cleaned coarse coal or marketed as a separate product.

Level 3:

Raw coal of less than 12.5 millimetres is sized into two products: an intermediate product (larger than 0.5 millimetre) and a product smaller than 0.5 millimetre; the intermediate product is cleaned to remove impurities; the smaller product is added to the cleaned intermediate product or marketed separately.

Level 4:

Cleaning is extended to material less than 0.5 millimetre in size.

Preparation steps
In the early days of coal preparation, the objective was to provide a product of uniform size and to reduce the content of inert rock materials in ROM coal. Reduction of impurities increased the heating value of the cleaned product, reduced deposits left on the furnace, reduced the load on the particle-removal system, and increased the overall operating performance of the furnace. Today, air-pollution regulations require that ROM coal be cleaned not only of ash and rocks but of sulfur as well. The processing of raw coals at levels 2, 3, and 4 therefore requires a maximized recovery of several characteristics (e.g., ash content, heating value, and sulfur content) in the respective product streams (i.e., clean coal and the reject). Four steps need to be considered: characterization, liberation, separation, and disposition.

Characterization
Characterization is the systematic examination of ROM coal in order to understand fully the characteristics of the feed to the preparation plant. Washability studies are performed to determine how much coal can be produced at a given size and specific gravity and at a particular level of cleaning. The studies provide a basis for selecting the washing equipment and preparation-plant circuitry.

Liberation
Liberation is the creation of individual particles that are more homogeneous in their composition as either coal or impurities. (In practice, middlings, or particles containing both coal and impurities, are also produced.) Liberation is achieved by size reduction of the ROM coal. It is a level-1 process, the product of which is the input to a level-2 plant. In general, the finer the ROM coal is crushed, the greater the liberation of impurities. However, the costs of preparation increase nonlinearly with decreasing desired size.

Separation
Schematic diagram of a flotation separation cell.
Schematic diagram of a flotation separation cell.
In the separation step, the liberated particles are classified into the appropriate groups of coal, impurities, and middlings. Since impurities are generally heavier than middlings and middlings heavier than coal, the methods most commonly used to separate the input stream into the three product streams are based on gravity concentration. Relying on differences in the two physical properties of size and specific gravity, equipment such as jigs, heavy-media baths, washing tables, spirals, and cyclones separate the heterogeneous feed into clean, homogeneous coal and waste products. For extremely fine coal, a process called flotation achieves this purpose. (A schematic diagram of a flotation separation cell is shown in thefigure.)

Disposition
Disposition is the handling of the products of a preparation plant. The entire plant process includes ROM storage, raw coal storage, crusher house, screening plants, various slurries (coal-water mixtures), dewatering system, thickeners, thermal dryer, process-water systems, clean-coal storage, clean-coal load-out system, monitoring and process-control system, and refuse-disposal system. Occupational health and safety hazards as well as environmental problems are associated with each of these processes. Detailed planning and designing can eliminate the worst problems of noise, dust, and visual blight and can also significantly reduce adverse impacts on air, water, and land.

Coal transportation
There are several methods for moving prepared coal from the mine to the markets. The cost of transport can be substantial and can account for a large fraction of the total cost to the consumer.

Railroads
Rail transportation is by far the most common mode of hauling coal over long distances. Roadbed and track requirements and large fixed investment in railcars make rail transport capital-intensive. However, the long life of the permanent assets, relatively trouble-free operation with minimum maintenance, the large-volume shipments that are possible, the high mechanical efficiencies that are obtained with low rolling resistances, and the dedicated nature of the origin and destination of the runs are some of the factors that make rail transport most attractive for long-term, long-distance, high-volume movements of coal.

In the United States, about half of the coal carried by rail is transported by unit trains, groupings of 100 or more cars of 100- to 110-ton capacity each. Unit trains generally carry 10,000 to 15,000 tons of coal in a single shipment. A “dedicated unit train” is made up especially for movement between one point of origin and one destination. In order to attain high efficiency, carefully matched loading and unloading terminals are necessary. In one example, a unit train transporting 17,400 tons per 1,200-kilometre round trip from mine to plant has a turnaround time of 72 hours—including a 4-hour loading and 10-hour unloading and servicing time per train.

On-highway trucks
If haul distances and shipment sizes are small, it may be advantageous to transport coal by truck through a network of public roads. Whereas off-highway trucks have exceeded 250 tons in capacity, on-highway trucks are usually much smaller, not exceeding 25-ton payloads. Advantages over railroads are that trucks can negotiate more severe grades and curves, roads can be resurfaced or constructed more readily and with far lower capital investments than can railways, and the coal flow can be made continuous by adding new trucks and replacing failing trucks.

Barges
Rivers and lakes have long played a major role in the transport of bulk commodities like coal in Germany, The Netherlands, France, Belgium, Canada, and the United States. The costs of barge transport depend on the number of barges being towed by a single towboat; this in turn depends on the dimensions of the waterway. For example, the Cumberland, Ohio, Tennessee, and upper Mississippi rivers in the United States can take up to 20- to 25-barge tows, and the lower Mississippi can take 25- to 35-barge tows. Each barge has a capacity of up to 1,500 tons. Waterways are usually circuitous, resulting in slow delivery times. However, transport of coal on barges is highly cost-efficient.

Conveyors
While use of conveyors for carrying coal over long distances from producing to consuming centres is uncommon, it is not uncommon to find conveyors transporting coal from mines to barge-loading stations. In addition, where a power plant is in close proximity to a mine, conveyors are generally used to transport coal to the power plant stockpile. Conveyors can traverse difficult terrain with greater ease than trucks or rail systems, and they can also be extended easily and have the advantage of continuous transport. Conveyors with wide belts and high operating speeds can have enormous capacities, varying from 2,000 to 5,000 tons per hour.

Slurry pipelines
Coal slurry is a mixture of crushed coal and a liquid such as water or oil. The traditional mixture, first patented in England in 1891, consists of 50 percent coal and 50 percent water by weight. So-called heavy coal slurries or slurry fuels consist of 65 to 75 percent coal, with the remainder being water, methanol, or oil. Unlike traditional slurry—which is transported by pipeline to the user, who separates the water from the coal before burning—slurry fuels can be fired directly into boilers.

Coal slurry pipelines currently in operation in the United States and Europe cover distances ranging from a few kilometres to several hundred kilometres. They have several advantages. A large portion—approximately 70 percent—of the costs involved in a slurry pipeline are invested in the initial construction of the line and pumping stations and are fixed for the life of the pipeline. Therefore, the total costs of moving slurry during the life of the line do not increase in proportion to inflation. The advantage over rail and truck transport is clear, as the costs of these latter modes escalate with inflation. Furthermore, pipelines require less right-of-way, much less labour, and about half of the steel and other supplies required for other transport methods.

On the other hand, slurry pipelines involve potential environmental problems. Water requirements are substantial: almost one ton of water is needed to move one ton of coal—an important issue in Australia and the western United States, where water supplies are scarce and its availability cannot be guaranteed. Other concerns focus on water pollution at the mouth of the pipeline as well as along its length. For this reason, efforts to obtain right-of-way to lay a pipeline have often faced legal and environmental challenges.

Electric wire
In the early 1960s, dedication of large coal reserves to mine-mouth power plants resulted in the development of huge complexes involving mining, preparation, and utility plants. Transportation of electricity from coal-fired power plants to distant consuming centres is still attractive for several reasons. Coal is generally available in abundance and is the lowest-cost fuel in many instances. In addition, the search for inherently cleaner and more efficient ways to burn coal in electric utilities has intensified. The world’s highest-voltage transmission line (1,150 kilovolts) transports electricity from Siberia to consumers in the western republics of the former Soviet Union—a distance of more than 3,000 kilometres. In the United States, coal-fired plants account for 50 percent of electricity generation. The U.S. electrical grid consists of three networks—one in the east, one in the west, and one in Texas. Although there are only small transfers between networks, the ability to transmit power from one network to another reveals the potential for greater use of electrical wire for coal power transport.

Ships
It is predicted that coal exports and, therefore, the importance of ocean transport will increase. Ocean transport of coal requires detailed considerations of (1) transportation from the mine to the port, (2) coal-handling facilities at the export port, (3) ocean carrier decisions such as number and size of ships, contractual obligations, management of the fleet, and route decisions, (4) coal-handling facilities at the importing port, and (5) transportation from the port to the customer.

Transportation costs have an important impact on coal exports. Mining, rail, port, and shipping costs may vary greatly for different overseas buyers, and the combined cost may represent more than one-half of the delivered price of coal to overseas ports. In addition, substantial capital costs are involved in developing the necessary facilities and in maintaining sizable stockpiles at the exporting ports. Since all these costs differ considerably among suppliers, they are important in determining the competitiveness of various coals in world markets.

Raja Venkat Ramani
bluegrass
Table of Contents
Introduction
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
bluegrass
Quizzes
Young girl wearing a demin jacket playing the trumpet (child, musical instruments, Asian ethnicity)
Sound Check: Musical Vocabulary Quiz
Discover
Scottish fold cat. A genetic mutation caused (in the original cat-1961) the ears to bend forward and down.
Shorthair Cat Breeds
Vincent Van Gogh, Self Portrait. Oil on canvas, 1887.
Rediscovered Artists: 6 Big Names That Time Almost Forgot
Christopher Columbus arriving in the New World, 1492. Columbus presents gifts to the first natives to greet him on his landing in America. Columbus set out to discover a westward route to Asia. (Native Americans, colonization of the Americas)
Columbus Day and Its Discontents
Gilles de Rais (1404-1440). Breton baron, marshal of France. Fought in guards of Joan of Arc. Accused of being serial killer of children.
Gilles de Rais: History’s First Serial Killer?
pyramid sunset, egypt
What’s Inside the Great Pyramid?
Shadow of a man holding large knife in his hand inside of some dark, spooky buiding
7 of History's Most Notorious Serial Killers 
The Fairy Queen's Messenger, illustration by Richard Doyle, c. 1870s.
6 Fictional Languages You Can Really Learn
Entertainment & Pop Culture
Music, Contemporary Genres
Country Music
bluegrass
bluegrass Bluegrass artists playing various stringed instruments.
bluegrass
music
    
Written and fact-checked by 
Last Updated: Oct 8, 2024 • Article History
Key People: Ricky Skaggs Tom T. Hall Béla Fleck Bill Monroe Ralph Stanley
Related Topics: country music popular music
News • Billy Strings’ ‘Highway Prayers’ Is First Bluegrass Set to Hit No. 1 on Top Album Sales Chart Since 2002 • Oct. 8, 2024, 10:11 AM ET (Billboard)
bluegrass, in music, country and western style that emerged in the United States after World War II, a direct descendant of the old-time string-band music that had been widely played and recorded by such groups as the Carter Family from the late 1920s. Bluegrass is distinguished from the older string-band music by its more syncopated (off-beat) rhythm, its relatively high-pitched tenor (lead) vocals, tight harmonies, and a strong influence of jazz and blues. It differs from other varieties of country and western music in its driving rhythms and its repertory, as well as in the very prominent place given to the banjo, always played in the three-finger Scruggs style, which is unique to bluegrass. Mandolin and fiddle are generally featured considerably more in bluegrass than in other country and western music, and traditional square-dance tunes, traditional religious songs, and ballads furnish a much larger part of the repertory.

The bluegrass style was originated by Bill Monroe, who by the mid-1940s had experimented considerably with new methods of presenting string-band music. He began to evolve a highly distinctive mandolin style while playing with his brothers Birch and Charlie; and after their group broke up, he formed his own group, the Blue Grass Boys. The band already showed many of the distinctive features of modern bluegrass when in 1945 Earl Scruggs, originator of the revolutionary aforementioned banjo technique, joined it. The bluegrass style emerged fully in the years 1945–48, and by the late 1940s a number of bands were playing the music; the most successful were usually led by musicians who had at one time or another played with the Blue Grass Boys and learned the style directly from Monroe.

Bluegrass moved from performances on the radio in small Southern communities in the 1940s to television and “hillbilly” bars in the 1950s, to college concerts, coffeehouses, and folk festivals in the 1960s; and in the 1970s the influx of younger musicians interested in bluegrass brought some influence from rock music.

Young girl wearing a demin jacket playing the trumpet (child, musical instruments, Asian ethnicity)
Britannica Quiz
Sound Check: Musical Vocabulary Quiz
Blue Ridge Parkway
Table of Contents
Introduction
History of construction
The contemporary parkway
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
Pinnacle Lake Overlook on the Blue Ridge Parkway, near Asheville, western North Carolina, U.S.Grassy Knob Tunnel portal in autumn, Blue Ridge Parkway, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S.Diagram depicting the construction time line of the Blue Ridge Parkway (1935–87) in western Virginia and North Carolina, U.S.Construction on the first segment of the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina, U.S., near the Virginia state line, mid-1930s.Round Meadow Viaduct under construction, c. 1939, near Rocky Knob, southwestern Virginia, U.S.Portal of the Devil's Courthouse Tunnel under construction, Blue Ridge Parkway, near Brevard, western North Carolina, U.S.Panoramic view from Linville Peak on Grandfather Mountain, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S. A portion of the Blue Ridge Parkway is visible in the centre background.Linn Cove ViaductBlue Ridge ParkwayWhite-tailed deer in a winter forest along the Blue Ridge Parkway, Caldwell county, western North Carolina, U.S.
Read Next
Close up of a hand placing a ballot in a ballot box. Election vote voter voting
Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term?
Washington, D.C. locator map.
What State Is Washington, D.C. In?
The United States Supreme Court building, Washington, D.C.
14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered
Bar graph of the United States Death Toll during major events. Infogram chart.
U.S. Death Toll During Major Events
High angle view of a woman crossing a road. City streets, asphalt, bike lanes, car  traffic, pedestrians
Why Are Roads Made of Asphalt?
Discover
Election - Button that says Vote. Badge pin stars and stripes politics campaign
Why Are U.S. Elections Held on Tuesdays?
Town of Sisimiut located on the coast of the Davis Strait on Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay, Greenland
The Largest Islands in the World
Close-up of ostriches (Struthio camelus) necks and heads; location unknown.
6 of the World's Most Dangerous Birds
Clouds of smoke rise from fires at the World Trade Center Towers as a result of terrorist attack on September 11, 2001. Photographed 9:54 am in Lower Manhattan.
Timeline of the September 11 Attacks
Duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, illustration after a painting by J. Mund.
10 Famous Duels
Illustration for Demystified "Spontaneous human combustion".
Is Spontaneous Human Combustion Real?
Christopher Columbus arriving in the New World, 1492. Columbus presents gifts to the first natives to greet him on his landing in America. Columbus set out to discover a westward route to Asia. (Native Americans, colonization of the Americas)
Columbus Day and Its Discontents
Geography & Travel
Highways & Trails
Pinnacle Lake Overlook on the Blue Ridge Parkway, near Asheville, western North Carolina, U.S.
Pinnacle Lake Overlook on the Blue Ridge Parkway, near Asheville, western North Carolina, U.S.
Blue Ridge Parkway
route, United States
    
Written by 
Fact-checked by 
Article History
News • Almost 200 miles of the Blue Ridge Parkway in Virginia reopens • Oct. 12, 2024, 5:38 AM ET (CNN) 
Grassy Knob Tunnel portal in autumn, Blue Ridge Parkway, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S.
Grassy Knob Tunnel portal in autumn, Blue Ridge Parkway, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S.
Blue Ridge Parkway, scenic motor route, extending 469 miles (755 km) primarily through the Blue Ridge segment of the Appalachian Mountains in the western portions of Virginia and North Carolina, U.S. It links Shenandoah National Park (northeast) with Great Smoky Mountains National Park (southwest) and passes through George Washington and Jefferson (Virginia) and Pisgah and Nantahala (North Carolina) national forests. The parkway, established in 1936, encompasses a total area of 149 square miles (386 square km) and is administered by the U.S. National Park Service (NPS). Headquarters are in Asheville, North Carolina, near the parkway’s southern terminus.

History of construction
Diagram depicting the construction time line of the Blue Ridge Parkway (1935–87) in western Virginia and North Carolina, U.S.
Diagram depicting the construction time line of the Blue Ridge Parkway (1935–87) in western Virginia and North Carolina, U.S.
A proposal to build a private toll road that followed the crest of the Blue Ridge was first put forth in the early 20th century by Joseph Hyde Pratt, a North Carolina geologist. Construction of a segment in North Carolina began in 1912 but ceased after the start of World War I (a short stretch of the present-day parkway follows that route near Linville Falls). Federal interest in a highway to link the two national parks was kindled early in the first administration of Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt, which looked on it as a public works project during the Great Depression of the 1930s. After extensive surveying and intense lobbying efforts by interested parties (who recognized the enormous potential for tourism that such a highway represented), the final route was approved by Congress.

Construction on the first segment of the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina, U.S., near the Virginia state line, mid-1930s.
1 of 2
Construction on the first segment of the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina, U.S., near the Virginia state line, mid-1930s.
Round Meadow Viaduct under construction, c. 1939, near Rocky Knob, southwestern Virginia, U.S.
2 of 2
Round Meadow Viaduct under construction, c. 1939, near Rocky Knob, southwestern Virginia, U.S.
The start of work on the project is officially given as September 11, 1935, although actual construction seems to have started several days later on a section near the boundary between the two states. In June 1936 Congress formally designated the road as the Blue Ridge Parkway under the jurisdiction of the NPS. Construction of the parkway was undertaken for the most part in noncontiguous segments along its route, largely by private contractors. Until 1941, however, much of the ancillary work (e.g., landscaping and stonework) also was done by members of the Works Progress Administration (WPA), Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), and other New Deal agencies, with some of that activity being continued by conscientious objectors during World War II. Work on the road itself slowed dramatically with the U.S. entry into the war. By then, roughly one-third of the total eventual length of the route was open and in use, and about another third was partly built.

Portal of the Devil's Courthouse Tunnel under construction, Blue Ridge Parkway, near Brevard, western North Carolina, U.S.
Portal of the Devil's Courthouse Tunnel under construction, Blue Ridge Parkway, near Brevard, western North Carolina, U.S.
Construction was slow to resume after the war until the mid-1950s, when, as part of Mission 66 (a comprehensive NPS program to improve its properties systemwide), nearly all of the remaining segments of the route were completed over the next 10 years. Also added during that period were a number of amenities, such as visitors’ centres, dining and lodging facilities, and campgrounds. One of the final and most challenging links of the parkway to be built was a stretch around Grandfather Mountain in North Carolina, which was constructed in 1979–82. A segment of the roadbed there (the Linn Cove Viaduct) was elevated and built on piers, utilizing a cantilever technique from above to put into place prefabricated support beams and roadbed sections that thus minimized damage to the area’s fragile ecosystem. The fully completed parkway was officially dedicated on September 11, 1987, exactly 52 years after work had begun.

The contemporary parkway
Panoramic view from Linville Peak on Grandfather Mountain, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S. A portion of the Blue Ridge Parkway is visible in the centre background.
Panoramic view from Linville Peak on Grandfather Mountain, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S. A portion of the Blue Ridge Parkway is visible in the centre background.
The parkway’s northern terminus is in northwest-central Virginia, just east of Waynesboro, where it adjoins the southern end of Skyline Drive (the roadway that traverses Shenandoah National Park). It travels generally southwestward for almost 220 miles (355 km) through Virginia, passing near Lexington and Roanoke, before entering North Carolina west-northwest of Mount Airy. The highway continues southwestward to the east of Boone, skirting the eastern edge of Asheville, and, about 35 miles (55 km) beyond Asheville, makes a sharp bend to the northwest. The road then turns west after entering the Cherokee Indian Reservation, which it traverses before terminating at the southern entrance to Great Smoky Mountains National Park.

Linn Cove Viaduct
Linn Cove ViaductLinn Cove Viaduct in autumn, Pisgah National Forest, western North Carolina, U.S.
The parkway runs through varied and picturesque mountain scenery, with elevations ranging from some 650 to 6,000 feet (200 to 1,800 metres). The roadway passes through 26 tunnels (all but one of them in North Carolina) and over dozens of bridges and viaducts along the route. The parkway’s highest point, Richland Balsam Overlook in North Carolina, reaches 6,047 feet (1,843 metres) south of Waynesville, near the southern terminus. Dozens of scenic overlooks allow motorists to pull off the roadway and enjoy the magnificent vistas, such as Mount Mitchell, which, at a height of 6,684 feet (2,037 metres), is the tallest point in North Carolina and in the United States east of the Mississippi River. The climate is highly variable along the route, affected by both latitude and elevation. Generally, it is wet temperate, with warm summers and cool winters. Precipitation is abundant, and large accumulations of snow can occur in winter, especially at higher elevations.

Blue Ridge Parkway
Blue Ridge ParkwayWoodland wildflowers along the Blue Ridge Parkway, western Virginia and North Carolina, U.S.
A variety of forest types are found along the parkway. The lower elevations are dominated by oaks, the middle elevations are covered with northern hardwoods, and higher elevations support spruce and fir. Flowering trees and shrubs—such as serviceberries, tulip trees, dogwoods, mountain ashes, flame azaleas, mountain laurels, and catawba rhododendrons—add colour to the landscape, as do the myriads of wildflowers that bloom from spring through fall on hillsides and in meadows along the route. Equally spectacular are the vistas of brilliant fall foliage that draw large numbers of visitors to the parkway each year.


Are you a student?
Get a special academic rate on Britannica Premium.
White-tailed deer in a winter forest along the Blue Ridge Parkway, Caldwell county, western North Carolina, U.S.
White-tailed deer in a winter forest along the Blue Ridge Parkway, Caldwell county, western North Carolina, U.S.
Wildlife is abundant and varied. Among mammals are white-tailed deer, black bears, beavers, river otters, several species of bats and shrews, and small rodents such as voles, jumping mice, and flying squirrels. Some 250 species of birds either live in, nest seasonally in, or migrate through the parkway lands, including many—such as the Canada warbler (Wilsonia canadensis)—that are usually found much farther north. The region, with its moist climate, is known for its large and varied amphibian population, particularly salamanders. In addition, there are some three dozen species of reptiles, including venomous copperheads and timber rattlesnakes and the endangered bog turtle (Glyptemys muhlenbergi).

Finlike rock formation typical of the Rocky Knob section of the Blue Ridge Parkway, southwestern Virginia, U.S. A portion of one of the parkway's visitors' centres is visible at left-centre.
Finlike rock formation typical of the Rocky Knob section of the Blue Ridge Parkway, southwestern Virginia, U.S. A portion of one of the parkway's visitors' centres is visible at left-centre.
The parkway route is open year-round, although severe weather conditions may force park officials to close portions of it at times in winter. In addition to the scenic overlooks, there are numerous facilities for outdoor recreation (e.g., camping, hiking, and picnicking). The National Park Service maintains six visitors’ centres in Virginia and eight in North Carolina, some of these being managed jointly with other organizations; most are open only from early to mid-spring until late October. Two inns within parkway property—one northeast of Roanoke and the other south of Asheville—are privately operated and are open seasonally. In addition, rustic cabins, built by the CCC during parkway construction in the 1930s, can be rented at Rocky Knob in southern Virginia near Woolwine.

mountaintop rhododendrons, Blue Ridge Parkway, Virginia and North Carolina
mountaintop rhododendrons, Blue Ridge Parkway, Virginia and North CarolinaRhododendrons in bloom on a mountaintop along the Blue Ridge Parkway, western Virginia and North Carolina.
The Appalachian National Scenic Trail winds southward for some 100 miles (160 km) around the parkway from the road’s northern terminus until just north of Roanoke, where the trail turns westward. In addition, the Overmountain Victory National Historic Trail—which traces the route taken by colonial soldiers in 1780 to defeat the British at the Battle of Kings Mountain—crosses the highway in North Carolina east of Spruce Pine. Mabry Mill, a restored early-20th-century gristmill at Rocky Knob, and the Blue Ridge Music Center near the North Carolina state line are popular tourist stops in Virginia. North Carolina sites include the Museum of North Carolina Minerals south of Spruce Pine and the Folk Art Center just north of Asheville, both of which are also visitors’ centres and are open year-round.

Use of the parkway increased steadily in the 1950s and ’60 as automobile travel rose nationwide, and it grew again in the mid-1980s with the road’s completion as a through route. Total annual visits first exceeded 10 million in 1968 and first topped 20 million two decades later. The number of visitors each year has fluctuated somewhat since the late 1980s, but the figure has remained high enough for the parkway to almost always be ranked as the most heavily visited unit of the U.S. national park system.

Kenneth Pletcher
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Table of Contents
Introduction
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
Great Smoky MountainsGreat Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky Mountains National Park
Quizzes
Gutzon Borglum. Presidents. Sculpture. National park. George Washington. Thomas Jefferson. Theodore Roosevelt. Abraham Lincoln. Mount Rushmore National Memorial, South Dakota.
National Parks and Landmarks Quiz
Related Questions
What is a national park?
What was the first national park?
Read Next
Close up of a hand placing a ballot in a ballot box. Election vote voter voting
Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term?
Washington, D.C. locator map.
What State Is Washington, D.C. In?
The United States Supreme Court building, Washington, D.C.
14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered
Bar graph of the United States Death Toll during major events. Infogram chart.
U.S. Death Toll During Major Events
The Battle of New Orleans, by E. Percy Moran, c. 1910. Andrew Jackson, War of 1812.
26 Decade-Defining Events in U.S. History
Discover
Small, white rat (genus Rattus) on a glass table. (rodent, laboratory, experiment)
Cruel and Unusual Punishments: 15 Types of Torture
Christopher Columbus arriving in the New World, 1492. Columbus presents gifts to the first natives to greet him on his landing in America. Columbus set out to discover a westward route to Asia. (Native Americans, colonization of the Americas)
Columbus Day and Its Discontents
Secret Service Agent Listens To Earpiece
Secret Service Code Names of 11 U.S. Presidents
pyramid sunset, egypt
What’s Inside the Great Pyramid?
Vincent Van Gogh, Self Portrait. Oil on canvas, 1887.
Rediscovered Artists: 6 Big Names That Time Almost Forgot
Town of Sisimiut located on the coast of the Davis Strait on Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay, Greenland
The Largest Islands in the World
Illustration for Demystified "Spontaneous human combustion".
Is Spontaneous Human Combustion Real?
Geography & Travel
Nature Reserves & National Parks
Great Smoky Mountains
Great Smoky Mountains Forested peaks of the Great Smoky Mountains, eastern Tennessee.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
national park, North Carolina-Tennessee, United States
    
Written and fact-checked by 
Last Updated: Sep 19, 2024 • Article History
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Great Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky Mountains National Park, Tennessee and North Carolina, designated a World Heritage site in 1983.
Great Smoky Mountains National Park, scenic wilderness area in eastern Tennessee and western North Carolina, U.S., encompassing the core of the Great Smoky Mountains. Covering 816 square miles (2,113 square km), the park is some 15 to 20 miles (24 to 32 km) wide and extends southwestward for 54 miles (87 km) from the Pigeon River to the Little Tennessee River. It was established in 1934 to preserve the last remaining sizable area of southern primeval hardwood forest in the United States, and it contains some of the highest peaks in the Appalachian Mountains—including Kuwohi, the park’s highest point at 6,643 feet (2,025 meters). The park was designated a UNESCO International Biosphere Reserve in 1976 and a World Heritage site in 1983.

Nearly all of the park is forested. Summits and ridges are crowned with relict ice-age forests of red spruce and Fraser fir; both species are threatened—the firs by a nonnative insect and the spruce by acid rain and air pollution. In open areas (balds), purple and pink rhododendron blossoms often appear in the early summer. Among the rushing streams on the lower slopes are found such trees as hemlock, silverbell, black cherry, black walnut, buckeye, yellow birch, and tulip tree; the latter tree sometimes attains a trunk diameter of more than 7 feet (2.1 meters). Other vegetation at lower elevations includes flowering dogwood, redbud, and serviceberry; dense stands of mountain laurel, white-blossomed rhododendron, and azaleas form almost impenetrable thickets. Important species of wildlife in the park include black bears, white-tailed deer, wild boars, foxes, raccoons, red wolves, ruffed grouse, wild turkeys, at least 25 species of salamanders, and numerous colorful songbirds.

Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Great Smoky Mountains National ParkAutumn colors along Cataloochee Creek, Great Smoky Mountains National Park, North Carolina.
Until the 1800s the area formed part of the Cherokee Nation; its people named the land “Place of Blue Smoke” for the bluish haze characteristic of the region. The first white settlers established themselves in the sheltered coves and valleys of the area, and a number of their picturesque primitive buildings have been preserved. The area was heavily logged during the first quarter of the 20th century.

Gutzon Borglum. Presidents. Sculpture. National park. George Washington. Thomas Jefferson. Theodore Roosevelt. Abraham Lincoln. Mount Rushmore National Memorial, South Dakota.
Britannica Quiz
National Parks and Landmarks Quiz
The park, easily accessible via a road bisecting its center, is one of the most heavily visited in the country. Its three visitor centers contain exhibits on natural history and culture, such as the Mountain Farm Museum’s collection of historic log buildings. Popular activities include hiking some of the 800 miles (1,300 km) of trails, fishing, horseback riding, cross-country skiing, and going on driving tours; autumn draws many visitors to view the changing colors of the leaves. The Appalachian National Scenic Trail follows the crestline between North Carolina and Tennessee, and the southern terminus of the Blue Ridge Parkway is at the park’s southern border, where it meets the Cherokee Indian Reservation. Just north of the park, the Tennessee cities of Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge (home to the Dollywood resort complex) are popular tourist destinations.

The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica
This article was most recently revised and updated by Michael Ray.
Beckley
Table of Contents
Introduction
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
Beckley
Read Next
Close up of a hand placing a ballot in a ballot box. Election vote voter voting
Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term?
Washington, D.C. locator map.
What State Is Washington, D.C. In?
The United States Supreme Court building, Washington, D.C.
14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered
Bar graph of the United States Death Toll during major events. Infogram chart.
U.S. Death Toll During Major Events
The Battle of New Orleans, by E. Percy Moran, c. 1910. Andrew Jackson, War of 1812.
26 Decade-Defining Events in U.S. History
Discover
Election - Button that says Vote. Badge pin stars and stripes politics campaign
Why Are U.S. Elections Held on Tuesdays?
Christopher Columbus arriving in the New World, 1492. Columbus presents gifts to the first natives to greet him on his landing in America. Columbus set out to discover a westward route to Asia. (Native Americans, colonization of the Americas)
Columbus Day and Its Discontents
"Napoleon Crossing the Alps" oil on canvas by Jacques-Louis David, 1800; in the collection of Musee national du chateau de Malmaison.
Was Napoleon Short?
Vincent Van Gogh, Self Portrait. Oil on canvas, 1887.
Rediscovered Artists: 6 Big Names That Time Almost Forgot
Town of Sisimiut located on the coast of the Davis Strait on Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay, Greenland
The Largest Islands in the World
Illustration for Demystified "Spontaneous human combustion".
Is Spontaneous Human Combustion Real?
Secret Service Agent Listens To Earpiece
Secret Service Code Names of 11 U.S. Presidents
Geography & Travel
Cities & Towns
Cities & Towns A-B
Beckley
Beckley The Raleigh County Courthouse, Beckley, W.Va.
Beckley
West Virginia, United States
   
Written and fact-checked by 
Article History
Beckley, city, seat (1850) of Raleigh county, southern West Virginia, U.S., approximately 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Charleston. The first settlement was established by Gen. Alfred Beckley in 1838, but the city’s growth dates from 1890, with the start of commercial shipments of smokeless coal from local mines. After the rich Winding Gulf coalfield was opened in 1907, the population increased sharply. During the American Civil War the city was occupied by both Union and Confederate troops.

Coal is still important to Beckley’s economy, although tourism and such manufactures as mining machinery and electronic devices are also significant. Lake Stevens offers recreational activities, and Tamarack sells “West Virginia Made” products, crafts, and food. Beckley Exhibition Coal Mine offers tours of an underground coal mine. Little Beaver State Park is in nearby Beaver, and the Grandview Unit of New River Gorge National River is in nearby Glen Jean. Bluefield State College has a regional site at Beckley. Concord College (1872) is in neighbouring Athens. Inc. 1927. Pop. (2000) 17,254; (2010) 17,614.

This article was most recently revised and updated by Lorraine Murray.
Great Smoky Mountains
Table of Contents
Introduction
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
Great Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky MountainsGreat Smoky Mountains National Park, North CarolinaAppalachian National Scenic TrailGreat Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky Mountains National ParkGreat Smoky Mountains
Read Next
Denali (Mount Mckinley), Denali National Park, Alaska.
7 (or 8) Summits: The World’s Highest Mountains by Continent
Close up of a hand placing a ballot in a ballot box. Election vote voter voting
Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term?
Washington, D.C. locator map.
What State Is Washington, D.C. In?
The United States Supreme Court building, Washington, D.C.
14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered
Bar graph of the United States Death Toll during major events. Infogram chart.
U.S. Death Toll During Major Events
Discover
Town of Sisimiut located on the coast of the Davis Strait on Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay, Greenland
The Largest Islands in the World
Panoramic view of moai, Ahu Tongariki, Easter Island (Rapa Nui), Chile
8 of the World’s Most-Remote Islands
Duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, illustration after a painting by J. Mund.
10 Famous Duels
"Napoleon Crossing the Alps" oil on canvas by Jacques-Louis David, 1800; in the collection of Musee national du chateau de Malmaison.
Was Napoleon Short?
Christopher Columbus kneeling, holding flag and sword with two other men holding flags. There are other men on land and in boats behind Columbus and three ships in background. On the island named San Salvador by Columbus, later called Watling Island.
Columbus Day
American murder suspect Lizzie Borden, 1890.
Lizzie Borden Took an Ax...
Shadow of a man holding large knife in his hand inside of some dark, spooky buiding
7 of History's Most Notorious Serial Killers 
Geography & Travel
Physical Geography of Land
Mountains & Volcanoes
Great Smoky Mountains National Park
Great Smoky Mountains National Park Newfound Gap, Great Smoky Mountains National Park, Tennessee.
Great Smoky Mountains
mountains, North Carolina-Tennessee, United States
    
Also known as: Great Smokies, the Smokies
Written and fact-checked by 
Last Updated: Sep 19, 2024 • Article History
Byname: Great Smokies or the Smokies
News • After Helene, the Great Smoky Mountains are desperate for tourists • Oct. 8, 2024, 5:06 AM ET (NBC)
Great Smoky Mountains
Great Smoky Mountains
Great Smoky Mountains, western segment of the high Appalachian Mountains in eastern Tennessee and western North Carolina, U.S. The Great Smokies lie between Knoxville, Tennessee (just to the west), and Asheville, North Carolina (just to the east), blending into the Blue Ridge escarpment to the east in North Carolina. They are sometimes considered a division of the Unaka Mountains. The loftiest portion lies within Great Smoky Mountains National Park (a UNESCO World Heritage site) and includes Kuwohi (6,643 feet [2,025 meters]; the highest point in Tennessee) and Mounts Guyot, Chapman, Collins, Le Conte, and Kephart—all at elevations above 6,000 feet (1,830 meters). The mountains form a popular resort area that includes the national park, a segment of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, the southern terminus of the Blue Ridge Parkway, the tourist city of Gatlinburg, Tennessee, and the Dollywood theme park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. A transmountain highway crosses at Newfound Gap (5,046 feet [1,538 meters]).

Great Smoky Mountains National Park, North Carolina
1 of 2
Great Smoky Mountains National Park, North Carolina
Appalachian National Scenic Trail
2 of 2
Appalachian National Scenic TrailSection of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail in the Great Smoky Mountains.
Covered by forests, of which about 40 percent is virgin growth, the Great Smokies support an abundance of plant and animal life. Large amounts of rain feed dozens of streams and waterfalls. Originally the domain of the Cherokee people, the mountains embrace the Cherokee Indian Reservation and parts of Pisgah, Nantahala, and Cherokee national forests. They were explored in the mid-19th century by Thomas L. Clingman (a U.S. representative and senator from North Carolina) and the geographer Arnold Guyot and were named for the bluish haze characteristic of the region. European farmers began to settle the valleys in the late 18th century. The mountains were heavily logged during the first quarter of the 20th century.

The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica
This article was most recently revised and updated by Michael Ray.
Welch
Table of Contents
Introduction
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Read Next
Close up of a hand placing a ballot in a ballot box. Election vote voter voting
Have Any U.S. Presidents Decided Not to Run For a Second Term?
Washington, D.C. locator map.
What State Is Washington, D.C. In?
The United States Supreme Court building, Washington, D.C.
14 Questions About Government in the United States Answered
Bar graph of the United States Death Toll during major events. Infogram chart.
U.S. Death Toll During Major Events
The Battle of New Orleans, by E. Percy Moran, c. 1910. Andrew Jackson, War of 1812.
26 Decade-Defining Events in U.S. History
Discover
Northern lights or Southern lights, also called Aurora Borealis. Luminous phenomenon of Earth's atmosphere. (magnetism; luminous atmospheric display)
What Causes the Northern and Southern Lights?
Close-up of ostriches (Struthio camelus) necks and heads; location unknown.
6 of the World's Most Dangerous Birds
Christopher Columbus kneeling, holding flag and sword with two other men holding flags. There are other men on land and in boats behind Columbus and three ships in background. On the island named San Salvador by Columbus, later called Watling Island.
Columbus Day
Scottish fold cat. A genetic mutation caused (in the original cat-1961) the ears to bend forward and down.
Shorthair Cat Breeds
Election - Button that says Vote. Badge pin stars and stripes politics campaign
Why Are U.S. Elections Held on Tuesdays?
Secret Service Agent Listens To Earpiece
Secret Service Code Names of 11 U.S. Presidents
Shadow of a man holding large knife in his hand inside of some dark, spooky buiding
7 of History's Most Notorious Serial Killers 
Geography & Travel
Cities & Towns
Cities & Towns T-Z
Welch
West Virginia, United States
    
Written and fact-checked by 
Article History
Welch, city, seat of McDowell county, southern West Virginia, U.S., at the confluence of Elkhorn Creek and Tug Fork. Settled in 1885, it was named for I.A. Welch, an early settler. The county seat was moved there from Perryville in 1891. There were no bridges or wagons in this extremely mountainous area until the 1880s, and the principal products at that time were furs and ginseng. The arrival of the Norfolk and Western Railway in 1891 encouraged the working of the surrounding coal seams. The city is now the service centre for the coal-mining region that includes the well-known Pocahontas field, source of “Black Diamond” coal. Panther State Forest is nearby. Inc. 1894. Pop. (2000) 2,683; (2010) 2,406.

Blue Ridge
Table of Contents
Introduction
References & Edit History
Related Topics
Images
Blue Ridge Mountains: Grandfather MountainBlue Ridge MountainsBlue RidgeBlue Ridge Parkway bridge, North Carolina, U.S.Blue Ridge, Appalachian MountainsBlue Ridge Mountains, VirginiaBrasstown BaldShenandoah National ForestBlue Ridge Mountains: fall line
Read Next
Denali (Mount Mckinley), Denali National Park, Alaska.
7 (or 8) Summits: The World’s Highest Mountains by Continent
Bear Hat Mountain above Hidden Lake on a crest of the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park, Montana
Exploring 7 of Earth’s Great Mountain Ranges
Discover
Election - Button that says Vote. Badge pin stars and stripes politics campaign
Why Are U.S. Elections Held on Tuesdays?
"Napoleon Crossing the Alps" oil on canvas by Jacques-Louis David, 1800; in the collection of Musee national du chateau de Malmaison.
Was Napoleon Short?
Secret Service Agent Listens To Earpiece
Secret Service Code Names of 11 U.S. Presidents
Northern lights or Southern lights, also called Aurora Borealis. Luminous phenomenon of Earth's atmosphere. (magnetism; luminous atmospheric display)
What Causes the Northern and Southern Lights?
Christopher Columbus kneeling, holding flag and sword with two other men holding flags. There are other men on land and in boats behind Columbus and three ships in background. On the island named San Salvador by Columbus, later called Watling Island.
Columbus Day
Illustration for Demystified "Spontaneous human combustion".
Is Spontaneous Human Combustion Real?
pyramid sunset, egypt
What’s Inside the Great Pyramid?
Geography & Travel
Physical Geography of Land
Mountains & Volcanoes
Blue Ridge Mountains: Grandfather Mountain
Blue Ridge Mountains: Grandfather Mountain Grandfather Mountain in the Blue Ridge, western North Carolina.
Blue Ridge
mountains, United States
    
Also known as: Blue Ridge Mountains
Written and fact-checked by 
Article History
Also called: Blue Ridge Mountains
News • Popular national park area to close down indefinitely • Oct. 4, 2024, 11:16 PM ET (TheStreet) 
Blue Ridge Mountains
1 of 2
Blue Ridge MountainsThe Blue Ridge Mountains in North Carolina.
Blue Ridge
2 of 2
Blue Ridge
Blue Ridge, segment of the Appalachian Mountains in the United States. The mountains extend southwestward for 615 miles (990 km) from Carlisle, Pennsylvania, through parts of Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, to Mount Oglethorpe, Georgia. The range, a relatively narrow ridge, is 5 to 65 miles (8 to 105 km) wide, with average elevations of 2,000 to 4,000 feet (600 to 1,200 metres).

Included in the Blue Ridge system are the Black Mountains—with Mount Mitchell in North Carolina, at 6,684 feet (2,037 metres) the highest peak east of the Mississippi River—and the Great Smoky and Unaka mountains. Among the notable Blue Ridge peaks are Mount Rogers (5,729 feet [1,746 metres]), the highest point in Virginia; Sassafras Mountain (3,560 feet [1,085 metres]), the highest point in South Carolina; Brasstown Bald (4,784 feet [1,458 metres]), the highest point in Georgia; Stony Man (4,011 feet [1,223 metres]) and Hawksbill (4,051 feet [1,235 metres]), in Virginia; and Grandfather Mountain (5,946 feet [1,812 metres]), in North Carolina.

Blue Ridge Parkway bridge, North Carolina, U.S.
Blue Ridge Parkway bridge, North Carolina, U.S.Stone bridge over the Blue Ridge Parkway, Blue Ridge, western North Carolina, U.S.
The whole region has been intricately dissected by many small streams, and three major rivers have cut gaps through the ridge—the Roanoke, James, and Potomac, all in Virginia. Beginning south of Front Royal, Virginia, the Skyline Drive runs through Shenandoah National Park and connects at Rockfish Gap, Virginia, with the Blue Ridge Parkway, a scenic motor route that runs southwestward to Great Smoky Mountains National Park.

The mountains lie within Chattahoochee, Cherokee, Nantahala, Pisgah, Jefferson, and George Washington national forests, and more than 700 varieties of trees and plants have been catalogued. The region, although traditionally known for its isolation, contains numerous small farms with picturesque log cabins. Intensive truck farming, tobacco production, and cattle raising are important activities. The hardwood forests of the Blue Ridge are a source of timber, and some minerals are worked. In addition, the region is renowned for its traditional, folk, and bluegrass music, which is highlighted at the Blue Ridge Music Center on the Blue Ridge Parkway in Virginia at the border with North Carolina.

This article was most recently revised and updated by Kenneth Pletcher.
History at your fingertips – Sign up here to see what happened On This Day, every day in your inbox!
Enter your email
Enter your email
By signing up for this email, you are agreeing to news, offers, and information from Encyclopaedia Britannica.
Click here to view our Privacy Notice. Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email.
Stay Connected

About Us & Legal Info
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Diversity
©2024 Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.