    
Corporate Giving   Join & Support>Support>Corporate Giving   Together we’ll do great things.
Invest in our region’s most important cultural and educational institutions, reaching as many as 1.5 million people each year!    
              Corporate Membership
                            Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) Program
                            Corporate Sponsorship
             
Corporate Membership  
Become a Carnegie Museums Corporate Member
We invite you to take part in the Carnegie Museums Corporate Membership program. As a Corporate Member, you’ll be part of a network of business leaders investing in our community and engaging your employees through access to discounts and one-of-a-kind experiences.
Discover how our membership levels can help your business engage employees and highlight your company’s role in supporting culture and education through corporate citizenship:
Corporate Benefactors Society ($1,000-$2,499)
Corporate Curators Society ($2,500-$4,999)
Corporate Directors Society ($5,000-$9,999)
Corporate Presidents Society ($10,000-$24,999)
Corporate Founders Society ($25,000+)
At all levels of membership, your employees will enjoy: Unlimited buy-one-get-one-free general admissions to all four museums
20% discount on purchase of new personal memberships
10% discount in all four museum stores Your business will also receive invitations to quarterly Corporate Member networking events, monthly e-newsletters to update members on exhibits and activities, and other special donor experiences and recognition.
Corporate Engagement Events are presented by: 
 
Additional membership-level benefits may include: Corporate Family Day for employees
Discount on the rental of museums facilities
Advertising discount in Carnegie magazine
Complimentary museum one-day membership passes
Complimentary Premium Memberships
Employee recruiting, client or prospect tours
Use of historic Founder’s Room for board meetings, retreats, company dinners  
Become a Corporate Member
Learn more about membership levels and how becoming a Corporate Member can work toward your advantage by calling 412.622.5771 or email CorporateMembership@carnegiemuseums.org   Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) Program  
If you are a Pennsylvania business, the Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) program could be beneficial to you. By participating in the program, you would receive a substantial tax credit and impact the community through your support of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh.
How does EITC impact our youth?
EITC gifts help our museums provide innovative, informal education programming in the arts and sciences to as many as 10,000 public school students through virtual and in-person programs such as: The Art Connection at Carnegie Museum of Art is Pittsburgh’s premiere art program for students in grades 5-9. Students learn drawing, printmaking, painting, sculpting, and mixed media—culminating with a student exhibition.
SciTech at Carnegie Science Center is a special field trip that features the industry growth areas of Pittsburgh, ranging from biotech to robotics and advanced materials/processes. It connects middle and high school students with leading STEM innovators in a fun, dynamic atmosphere as they explore interactive exhibits from leading STEM companies and organizations.
Museum on the Move at Carnegie Museum of Natural History connects children and youth to the museum’s programs and collections through partnerships with local hospitals, special needs classrooms, homeless shelters, and community-based organizations.
Youth Invasion at The Andy Warhol Museum is an annual spring celebration planned by members of the museum’s Youth Arts Council—a year-long leadership program for high school students. The event features local young performers and a themed exhibition of works by teen artists. 
 
How does the tax credit work?
The Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) program, administered by Pennsylvania’s Department of Community and Economic Development (DCED), encourages strategic philanthropy by allowing companies to distribute their tax dollars to organizations like Carnegie Museums that support the important work of our schools through creative programming.
Thanks to the EITC program a one-year commitment to an education program at Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can earn your company a tax credit of 75% of the contribution. The tax credit can be increased to 90% of the contribution if your company agrees to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years.
Getting started is easy!
To start the application process, visit CarnegieMuseums.org/EITC for EITC guidelines and access to the PA DCED’s electronic single application system. Once you apply and are approved, make your contribution to Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh within 60 days.
To learn more about qualifying Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh educational programming and how EITC can work to your company’s advantage, contact a member of our team at 412.622.5771 or email corporategiving@carnegiemuseums.org.   Corporate Sponsorship  Supporters of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh can customize partnership platforms to fit their marketing and/or philanthropic strategy. Our sponsors enjoy prominent visibility in an unsaturated market that will provide unparalleled touchpoints to 1.4 million local, national, and international visitors throughout the year.
Our reputation, community reach, unique spaces, and world-class experts (scientists, curators, and educators) can greatly assist your company’s needs. Discover today how we can help your company highlight its role in supporting the arts, culture and science!
For additional information about Corporate Giving, call 412.622.5771 or email CorporateGiving@carnegiemuseums.org.       
    
Access for All   Join & Support>Membership>Access for All   Carnegie Museum of Pittsburgh’s Community Access Memberships represent an invitation to everyone to join us as members and enjoy the benefits of being part of the Carnegie Museums member community all year long.
For young people eager to learn and eager to be challenged and inspired by new experiences, a new FREE Teen Membership gives every young person aged 13-18 the full benefits of membership. Learn more.
For individuals and families whose barrier to accessing our museums is primarily a financial one, our $20 Family Access Membership helps remove that barrier. Learn more.
For community-based nonprofit organizations that serve underserved youth, unhoused individuals, veterans, and seniors receiving public assistance, a complimentary Organizational Outreach Membership invites these groups to become members and visit our museums at no cost, all year long, with up to 10 members of the communities they serve per visit. Learn more.
Community Access Membership is presented by and supported by Giant Eagle Foundation
Teen Membership is generously supported by The Grable Foundation and the Robert and Mary Weisbrod Foundation *Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh reserves the right to cancel any Teen Membership, Family Access Membership or Organizational Access Membership should an applicant submit incomplete or false information.      
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Art 
    :
                  
Educators at Play
Story by Corinne Whiting  | Photos by John Schisler 
How art is helping educators reconnect to the joys and possibilities of teaching.      Closer Look: Walking the Land
By Chris Fleisher 
A new perspective on familiar offerings at Carnegie Museums.      ‘Storied Objects’
By Ben Seal 
Sculptor Marie Watt explores the histories of materials and the labor required to make them in the latest installment of the Forum series.      Pop Companions
By Justin Hopper 
The Warhol’s 30th anniversary exhibition KAWS + Warhol reveals there’s more to these two Pop icons’ works than meets the eye.      A Living Archive
By B. Denise Hawkins 
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.      Visions for a Better World
By TyLisa C. Johnson 
A citywide contest explores how art is a pathway to a more equitable Pittsburgh.      The Consummate Friend and Volunteer
By Chris Fleisher 
Edith ‘Toto’ Fisher will be remembered most for the example she set for supporting—and leading—the museums she loved.      Creating Belonging Through Art
Story By Corinne Whiting | Photography by John Schisler  
Carnegie Museum of Art’s Neighborhood Museum supports refugee families as they make their new home here.       Objects of Our Affection: Julia Warhola’s Certificate of Naturalization
By Chris Fleisher 
Carnegie Museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. Here we showcase some of the most compelling objects.      Closer Look: The most famous resident in Bethel Park, PA
By Chris Fleisher 
A new perspective on familiar offerings at Carnegie Museums.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Community 
    :
                  
Pursuing Relevant Science
By Chris Fleisher 
How a transformative $65 million gift from Dan and Carole Kamin is bolstering Carnegie Science Center’s plans to become a top-tier leader in community-based science.       Educators at Play
Story by Corinne Whiting  | Photos by John Schisler 
How art is helping educators reconnect to the joys and possibilities of teaching.      Sparking a Love of Science 
By Chris Fleisher   
Fascinated by outer space, one couple wants to keep inspiring young people to look at stars.       A Living Archive
By B. Denise Hawkins 
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.      Visions for a Better World
By TyLisa C. Johnson 
A citywide contest explores how art is a pathway to a more equitable Pittsburgh.      The Consummate Friend and Volunteer
By Chris Fleisher 
Edith ‘Toto’ Fisher will be remembered most for the example she set for supporting—and leading—the museums she loved.      Creating Belonging Through Art
Story By Corinne Whiting | Photography by John Schisler  
Carnegie Museum of Art’s Neighborhood Museum supports refugee families as they make their new home here.       Objects of Our Affection: Julia Warhola’s Certificate of Naturalization
By Chris Fleisher 
Carnegie Museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. Here we showcase some of the most compelling objects.      Closer Look: The most famous resident in Bethel Park, PA
By Chris Fleisher 
A new perspective on familiar offerings at Carnegie Museums.      ‘Everything Is Beautiful at the Museum’
By Chris Fleisher 
The stories of Carnegie Museums volunteers are as varied as they are. They’re all giving back in ways they hadn’t expected—and the museums wouldn’t be the same without them.    
 
Terms of Use  Carnegie Institute d/b/a Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, is a non-profit corporation  (hereinafter “CMP”, “us” or “we”). CMP includes four museums, Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center and The Andy Warhol Museum. We are providing the information and other content on this website (“Site”) in support of CMP’s mission. By accessing these Terms of Use (“Terms”), along with CMP’s Privacy Policy, the User agrees to be bound by the Terms of this Site. If you, as User of the Site (“User”, “you” or “your”) do not agree with these Terms, or if you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you are 18 years of age or older, or are an emancipated minor, or possess parental guardian consent to use this Site.
Acceptance of Terms and Privacy Policy
By accessing and browsing this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and accept these Terms, including CMP’s Privacy Policy, and that you agree to be bound by these Terms and the Privacy Policy. CMP may change these Terms and/or the Privacy Policy so Users are encouraged to visit this page from time to time to review the most current Terms and Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site after new or revised Terms are effective indicates you have read and understand and agree to be bound by those new or revised Terms.
Copyright and Other Proprietary Rights to Content
Unless otherwise noted, all of the text, images, trademarks, data, film and video files and clips, audio files and clips, archival materials, software, databases, designs and other materials on the Site (“Content”) are protected by copyright laws and may also be protected by other restrictions. CMP is the owner of the compilation of the Content posted on this Site. However, CMP does not necessarily own each component of the compilation. Copyright and other proprietary rights in the Content, including contractual rights, may be held by individuals or entities other than, or in addition to, CMP.  Additionally, your use of some Content may infringe upon trademark rights, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy of third-parties. For some Content, CMP records do not indicate any evidence of copyright or other proprietary restrictions, however, this does not necessarily mean that no such restrictions exist. CMP expressly prohibits the copying of any protected Content, except for the purposes of fair use as defined in the copyright laws and as described below.
Permitted Uses of the Content
Fair use includes the use of copyrighted materials for noncommercial educational purposes, such as teaching, scholarship, research, criticism, commentary and news reporting. Unless otherwise noted and subject to the requirements set forth below, Users may use Content from the Site for such purposes. Please note that you are responsible for determining whether your use of Content is fair use under the copyright laws and you are also responsible for responding to any claims that may arise from your use. You understand that even if your use of the Content is fair use as defined by the copyright laws, use of some Content may nevertheless be protected by other proprietary rights such as trademark rights, rights of publicity, rights of privacy and/or contractual restrictions. While some, but not all, of the Content on the Site can downloaded, by downloading, printing or otherwise using the Content on this Site, you agree that you will limit your use to fair use and will not violate the copyrights or other proprietary rights of CMP or any other individual or entity.
Your noncommercial use of the Content on this Site is subject to the following requirements unless otherwise noted for specific Content: (i) you must cite the author and source of the Content as you would Content from any printed work with the citation including the URL (www.carnegiemuseums.org) as the source of the Content; (ii) you may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices, including attribution information, credits, and notices, that are placed in or near text, images or data; and (iii) you must comply with all terms or restrictions, in addition to copyright terms or restrictions, including trademark, publicity and privacy rights, or contractual restrictions, as may be specified in the metadata or may otherwise apply to the Content.
Uses that Require Written Permission
Unless otherwise noted, downloading, copying, transmitting, distributing, creating derivative works, modifying, publicly displaying, publishing, selling, promoting, or advertising products or services or otherwise using the Content on this Site for commercial purposes or for any purpose other than fair use and noncommercial educational purposes as set forth above is expressly prohibited. Additionally, high-resolution digital images of Content may be available or may become available in the future. If you wish to use the Content for any purpose other than the permitted uses discussed above or if you wish to secure and use any high-resolution digital images of the Content, you must obtain prior written permission from CMP, or other owner of the Content as applicable. Requests for permission for all uses of the Content on this Site should be sent to:
By Email: momichb@carnegiemuseums.org
By Mail:    Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213
Please be aware that CMP may not be the proper party or only party that you need to contact in order to obtain permission to use certain Content. As a result, after you initially contact us, we may redirect your requests.
Trademarks
Many of the names, titles, trademarks, service marks, and logos (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site, including Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, are registered or unregistered marks of Carnegie Institute d/b/a Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. The trademarks of third-parties may also be displayed on the Site. You may not use any Trademarks displayed on the Site without the express written permission of CMP or the third party that owns the Trademark and you acknowledge and agree that nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any right or license to use any Trademarks displayed on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the Trademarks, except as authorized in these Terms, is expressly prohibited.
User Accounts
No registration, login, or membership to CMP is required to use most of the features on the Site. Where you are required to create a User Account, including creation of a login and password, you are responsible for protecting your login and password from unauthorized use and for all activity that occurs on your account. You are prohibited from using another person’s account without permission. You agree to notify us immediately if you believe your login or password has been used without your permission. We are not responsible for losses or damages caused by your failure to safeguard your login or password.
Interactive Features and User Generated Content
(a) General. CMP may provide certain interactive features, such as blogs where Users are invited to engage with us by submitting content such as comments, images and tags (“User Content”). While we welcome diverse insights and views, CMP reserves the right, but not the obligation, to delete any User Content, at our sole discretion, that we deem inappropriate. The posting of User Content on this Site does not imply any endorsement of that User Content by CMP.
The following types of User Content are strictly prohibited: User Content that infringes on the rights of a third party such as intellectual property rights, publicity rights, or privacy rights;
User Content that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, abusive, false, or misleading or harmful to minors;
User Content that contains viruses, corrupted files, or other materials that may cause damages to another’s computer;
User Content that violates these Terms or the terms of use of any sites owned or operated by others that relate to the use and/or operation of this Site;
User Content that contains advertisements, spam, or other forms of solicitation; and/or
User Content that could violate any law or regulation. You are solely responsible for the User Content you submit. We make no representations that your User Content will remain available on the Site. We do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to your User Content. You understand that other User Content will be appearing on the Site, that we are under no obligation to monitor such User Content and assume no responsibility or liability arising from such User Content, including, but not limited to, any defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, profanity or inaccuracy contained in such User Content. While we have the right to monitor User Content, we assume no responsibility for and have no obligation to remove or modify such User Content.
(b) Grant of Rights.  By submitting User Content, you hereby grant CMP, a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable license with the right to grant and sublicensees to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works, adapt, display, perform, and otherwise exploit your User Content in connection with the Site and CMP’s mission. This grant includes, without limitation, redistributing some or all of the User Content in any media and through any media channels now known or hereafter discovered. You irrevocably waive any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content and grant CMP the right to use your name, likeness or voice that you submit with any User Content. You also grant each user of the Site the non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Site and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform such User Content.
(c) Your Representations and Warranties Regarding User Content. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible for your User Content and the consequences that may arise due to the posting of such User Content. You affirm, represent and warrant that you have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use the User Content and to authorize CMP to post and otherwise use, and to permit other Users to use, the User Content as set forth in these Terms.
Purchasing on the Site
CMP has the right to refuse, limit, or cancel any orders placed on this Site for products or services. Errors in pricing are subject to correction and may be adjusted at any time. Errors on order processing are also subject to correction. You must be 18 or older to make a purchase on this Site. Where purchases are made by credit card, you agree that if legal action is needed to collect the amount due from your credit card purchase, you will reimburse CMP for all expenses incurred to recover the amounts due, including attorneys’ fees and other expenses. You understand that, while CMP will make every attempt to provide accurate information about the products and services purchased on the Site, CMP does not warrant that any information, including descriptions, promotions, and availability, is correct, complete, current, or without typographical errors. CMP also makes every effort to present the products and other items it sells on its Site as accurately as possible. The display depends on the settings of a User’s particular monitor. CMP cannot guarantee that the  display on an individual’s monitor will be correct.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This Site may provide links to sites that are owned or operated by third parties (“Third-Party Sites”).  We have no control over such Third-Party Sites and cannot guarantee, represent, or warrant that the content on those sites is accurate and legal and do not contain viruses or other features that may adversely affect your computer. A link from our Site to a Third-Party Site does not necessarily imply a relationship with, or endorsement of, that site. These Third-Party Sites are governed by their own Terms of Use and we encourage you to read those terms if you choose to link to and use these sites.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
It is the policy of CMP to respond to notices of copyright infringement that comply with the requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). Upon receipt of a notice that complies with the DMCA, CMP will expeditiously remove or disable access to the content that is the subject of the notice. CMP may also, in appropriate circumstances and in its discretion, take reasonable steps to disable and/or terminate access of Users of this Site who may be repeat infringers of copyright. In accordance with the DMCA, if you believe that any Content on this Site infringes copyrights that you own, please provide the following information to CMP’s designated agent set forth below: A physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or the person authorized to act on its behalf;
A description of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed;
A description of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit CMP to locate the material;
Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and email address; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information you have supplied in your notice is accurate, that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law and, where applicable, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. CMP’s designated agent for receipt of notification of any claimed infringement is:
By Email:  dmca-contact@carnegiemuseums.org 
By Mail:    Office of the General Counsel, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, 4400 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15213
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
CMP disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, copyright ownership and non-infringement of copyrights or other third party proprietary rights, arising from your use of the Site or its Content. We do not warrant that the Site will provide continuous, prompt, secure, or error-free service and we assume no liability for any errors or omissions, including the inaccuracy of any Content, or for any damages or losses that you or any third party may incur as a result of the unavailability of the Site or any portion thereof. CMP assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may affect your computer equipment or other property arising from your use of the Site and its Content. Carnegie Institute d/b/a Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, and its affiliates, trustees, directors, officers, employees, and/or agents shall have no liability for any damages, including without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, compensatory, punitive, special, or consequential damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, arising from or related to use of this Site or its Content.
Termination, Modifications and Content Removal
We may, at any time: (a) modify, suspend, or terminate the operation of or access to the Site or any portion thereof for any reason; (b) modify or change the Site for any reason; (c) remove or change Content on this Site at any time in our sole discretion; or (d) interrupt the operation of the Site for any reason. Your access to, and use of the Site, may be terminated by you or by us at any time for any reason. Any provision of these Terms of Use which, by its nature should survive, will survive termination of these Terms, including, but not limited to, all obligations relating to your use of the Content and your license to us to use User Content.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Carnegie Institute d/b/a Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh and its affiliates, trustees, directors, officers, employees, and agents, harmless from and against all claims, causes of action, expenses, reasonable attorneys’ fees, losses, and damages, arising from or relating to your use of the Site or any of the Content on the Site.
Jurisdiction, Venue and Choice of Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to conflict of law principles. Any case, controversy, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, in connection with, or related to these Terms of Use, may only be brought in a federal or state court located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania and the parties hereby waive any objection that they may have to personal jurisdiction or venue in these courts.
Severability and Waiver
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue in full force and effect. CMP’s failure to exercise or enforce any rights or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and the Privacy Policy are the sole and entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and replace all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements regarding such subject matter.
Reservation of Rights
CMP reserves the right to change these Terms and the Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason at its sole discretion. Such changes may be made without notice and are effective immediately upon posting, and continued use of the Site constitutes acceptance of such changes. Users of the Site should visit this page periodically to review the most current Terms.
 
EFFECTIVE DATE: December 8, 2017   

    
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh presents Hispanic Heritage Celebration 
Saturday, Sept. 1411 a.m.–3 p.m. at Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural HistoryFree with museum admission
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh is thrilled to honor and celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month at Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History. Join us throughout the day for Latin music performances and dance classes with Los Sabrosos, La Palapa food truck, Spanish-language tours, and other activities throughout the museums. 
Don’t miss our special activities! 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.: La Palapa food truck in the Sculpture Court.
11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.: Latin music performances and dance classes with Los Sabrosos.
Noon-2:00 p.m.: Drop in dance instruction with Los Sabrosos.
11:30 and 12:30 p.m.: Spanish Interpreted Tours at Carnegie Museum of Natural History
1:00 p.m.: Spanish Interpreted Tours at Carnegie Museum of Art 
With community partner  
Download the Hispanic
Heritage Celebration Program  

    
Great Event Spaces 
Whether you’re planning a wedding, corporate event, or family party, let our team at Carnegie Museums help you make it a memorable, one-of-a-kind experience. 
At the four Carnegie Museums, you can choose from more than 20 event spaces that bring distinctive style to weddings, cocktail parties, anniversary celebrations, and business events. We can open museum galleries and gift stores for your guests. Have your party in a museum for an experience they won’t soon forget. Create any atmosphere—elegant, iconic, dramatic, or out-of-this-world—in our many great event spaces.
Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About My Event form.
Image Gallery      Carnegie Museums in Oakland  Home of Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, consider making this historic building the site of your next special event. From gilded halls to contemporary corridors, including: Carnegie Music Hall and its resplendent Music Hall Foyer, arguably the grandest event space in the city; the iconic Hall of Architecture and Hall of Sculpture; Scaife Foyer, a contemporary space ideal for large cocktail receptions; the Foster Overlook to Carnegie’s world-famous dinosaurs; and the stately Founder’s Room, where Andrew Carnegie once greeted his museum visitors. Reserve an entire museum or arrange a private tour and reception for your guests.    Carnegie Science Center  From its scenic perch along Pittsburgh’s North Shore, the Science Center doesn’t just peruse the mysteries of the universe—it offers unmatched views of Pittsburgh’s famous skyline and rivers, with plenty of convenient parking, lively exhibits, and cool ideas for truly original events. Pointview Hall offers a panoramic view ofPittsburgh iconic bridges, Point State Park, the three rivers, and Mount Washington.   The Andy Warhol Museum  Why not give your next function a truly hip feel? There’s no more intriguing or distinctive space in Pittsburgh—the definitive home of the art and Pop sensibility of native-son Andy Warhol. The museum’s bold, bright lobby holds 120 seated guests and 200 for cocktails. Invite your guests to mingle with celebrities on a custom tour; or rent the entire museum for an evening. You can also host business meetings, lectures, or symposiums in the museum’s state-of-the-art film and video theater.   Weddings at the Museums  Make your wedding day truly memorable by celebrating it at one of the distinctively special Carnegie Museums. Our events and catering teams will work with you to create just the right atmosphere in just the right space, large or small.    Note: Carnegie Museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our Event Spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to Carnegie Museums.  Further, Carnegie Museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   
Left: Charles “Teenie” Harris, Lifeguard teaching boy to swim, with Thomas Strawder and Thomas McDaniels to left, in Highland Park swimming pool; RIght: Alyce Brooks playing mirrored piano in Continental Bar at Crawford Grill No. 1; Carnegie Museum of Art, Heinz Family Fund, © Carnegie Museum of Art  
A Living Archive
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive. By B. Denise Hawkins   
Art | Community | The Inclusive Museum 
| Summer 2024  Print 
  
 
Share    
 
Tweet    
 
Share    
 
Email   | Text Size:
A A A      You May Also Like Art | Community  
                
                Educators at Play
               Art | Behind the Scenes  
                
                Closer Look: Walking the Land
               Art  
                
                ‘Storied Objects’
               More than 20 years ago, Carnegie Museum of Art acquired a vast record of African American life in Pittsburgh during the 20th century. It’s a treasure trove of 70,000 print images, photo negatives, and videos from the iconic Charles “Teenie” Harris, longtime photographer for The Pittsburgh Courier, one of the nation’s most prominent Black newspapers, spanning the late ’30s into the 1970s.
As the museum worked to preserve and digitize the photos and identify the people portrayed in them, it organized temporary exhibitions of the collection in which viewers were treated to several dozen images at a time—of dance halls and baseball games, intimate family moments and Civil Rights protests. Often, in a single frame and unfiltered, Harris presented the seldom-seen complexity and joy of African American life and identity.
 Each exhibition provided snippets of what is considered one of the country’s most detailed and comprehensive photographic records of the Black urban experience. But there has never been a space that showcased all the facets of the archive at once, as Harris had always hoped.
Man seated between cross-dressers “Gilda,” and “Junie” Turner wearing Caribbean-style costume with Christmas ornaments in headdress, at bar.
“Harris wanted you to see it all, but he also wanted you to listen to the stories he was presenting in his art,” says Charlene Foggie-Barnett, Charles “Teenie” Harris community archivist. With every image, she adds, “He is leaving clues. He is revealing story lines and truths. He’s making a statement.”
Later this year, museumgoers for the first time will be able to explore this vast archive with a reinstallation of Harris’ work in the Scaife Galleries. The new Charles “Teenie” Harris Archive Gallery will feature never-before-seen components of the archive, including reels of film in canisters, and prints, some in color. Visitors will even be able to view Harris’ photographic negatives, which make up the bulk of the collection.
“We’re taking a more comprehensive, intentional, and creative approach to sharing and honoring the Teenie Harris Archive and how the photographer’s art has illuminated the city’s history,” says Dana Bishop-Root, the museum’s director of education and public programs, who worked with Foggie-Barnett and Curator of Photography Dan Leers, as well as a team of creatives, on the project. Throughout their work, which is ongoing, they considered how the museum invites, welcomes, and engages with the community—including those who knew Harris, his subjects and their families, schoolchildren, teachers, scholars, and other visitors from near and far.
“Thinking about the ways that people can experience the archive has been at the forefront of our approach to sharing it,” says Bishop-Root. “We’ve long said that people need the museum, but the museum needs people to keep it alive, inclusive, vibrant, and contemporary.”
Viewing ‘Teenie’ as Never Before
When the exhibition opens, Harris’ films, works in color, self-portraits, negatives, and more will be available for visitors to work with, listen to, read about, see—and yes, touch—Leers says.
For the first time, visitors will view Harris’ videos and still images side by side, projected on a wall using a multichannel projector. Visitors can also interact with Harris’ negatives, the thin strips of transparent plastic film that gave the photographer his first look at the subjects, using a light table stationed in the gallery. This opportunity to touch and explore the negatives is possible only because of the decades of intensive work that has gone into preserving the archive.
Many of Harris’ negatives were stored in his basement studio before the museum received them. “There were a group of negatives that were seriously curled up on each other and without protective sleeves,” adds Leers. The work of restoring and digitizing them, which is nearly complete, has been intensive and daily over the past two decades.
Pittsburghers first saw Harris’ photos in black and white in the pages of The Pittsburgh Courier, the city’s influential Black newspaper. For the first time, the museum will print some of those images on newsprint, giving visitors a look and feel for how Harris’ photographs appeared when they rolled off the press.
Experiencing the Charles “Teenie” Harris Archive Gallery will also include seeing the photographer as never before.
Harris was a month shy of his 90th birthday when he died on June 12, 1998. But in exhibitions of his work, the artist is typically portrayed as a much younger man in his 30s—bright-eyed, with finger waves in his black hair, and sporting his signature suit and tie. For the first time, the museum will present self-portraits, some in color, of Harris as an older man.
Charles “Teenie” Harris, untitled, Carnegie Museum of Art, Heinz Family Fund, (c) Carnegie Museum of Art.
“Deciding to present portraits of the older Harris offered an opportunity for us to broaden the personal image of Harris, and who he was as a community member, family man, and artist,” says Leers. Those new portraits of the photographer will be interspersed in a mosaic display that features Harris’ life and career, layered with the major moments in Black history, American history, and international history he chronicled.
The museum also wants to broaden and focus on the visitors who will be engaging with the work Harris created. “Deciding to present portraits of the older Harris offered an opportunity for us to broaden the personal image of Harris, and who he was as a community member, family man, and artist.” 
–Dan Leers, Curator of Photography, Carnegie Museum of Art
Visitors to the gallery will step into an expansive space that is accessible to people of different abilities, and designed for sitting, listening, viewing, touching, reading, learning, talking, and lingering as “they experience the depth of Teenie Harris’ work and how he was looking at the world,” explains Bishop-Root.
For example, the museum is outfitting the gallery space with modular seating that can easily move and be rearranged when groups and individuals come to watch a film, hear a lecture, or just talk to each other about Harris’ art. When Foggie-Barnett considers this intentional gathering space, she sees opportunities for critical conversations to also happen there: “about race, reconciling, identity, and the unknown of Black life in America,” issues she says Harris confronted in his images without saying a word.
Children, some making “V” signs, posing on sliding board ladder at playground on Kennard Field with wooden grandstand and fencing under construction at left and Terrace Village housing project in background. Carnegie Museum of Art, Heinz Family Fund, © Carnegie Museum of Art
Seeing Themselves in the Images
As a community archivist and longtime Hill District resident, Foggie-Barnett understands the importance of forging and cultivating relationships with surrounding communities, especially with those who call the Hill District home. Much of her work has focused on identifying individuals in Harris’ images and, whenever possible, meeting with those who are still living to collect their oral histories.
It’s necessary, rewarding, and ongoing work that has been “fundamental to expose the archives in ways that are personal,” says Foggie-Barnett, and that engender trust from those who share their memories and stories with the museum. One such relationship, she recalls, was with Daisy Curry Simmons, who was a young wife and mother of six when Harris photographed her on August 17, 1963. On that day, in her small, tidy bedroom, she stood in silent protest, wearing a hastily written cardboard sign on a string around her neck. It read: “Do your children live like this in Squirrel Hill? We are still human not animals.” Inside the museum, 58 years later, Curry Simmons stared for the first time at that photo of her younger self hanging in the Harris gallery.
Charles “Teenie” Harris, Daisy Curry feeding bottle to seven month old Terrence and holding protest sign reading “Do your children live like this in Squirrel Hill? We are still human not animals,” in small bedroom, August 1963, Heinz Family Fund, Copyright:© Carnegie Museum of Art, Charles “Teenie” Harris Archive
In March 2024, Curry Simmons’ daughter called to inform Foggie-Barnett, who had collected Curry Simmons’ oral history, that her mother had passed away. That phone call, says Foggie-Barnett, represents the kind of cyclical relationship the museum wants to have with people whose lives have been touched by Harris’ work. 
“They embrace us if we embrace them,” Foggie-Barnett says.
Carnegie Museum of Art plans to engage a lay volunteer corps over the next two years to help gather oral histories and memories from people who can speak about Harris and the lives reflected in his work. Those histories will help shape how the Harris Archive is maintained, Bishop-Root says.
“Having citizen archivists who will get to experience the Harris Archive in this way is what excites me,” says Bishop-Root, who is eager to incorporate these volunteer efforts into the museum’s programming. She also sees it as a “formalized way we can ask those in the community to contribute to the knowledge and context we are building around the Teenie Harris photographs.
Photo: Joshua FranzosDaisy Curry Simmons views the image of herself that Charles “Teenie” Harrisphotographed in 1963.
“I hope that they will see themselves as adding value, in their own way.”
Foggie-Barnett shares that vision of citizens as vital to helping keep the Harris Archive alive and relevant. “We are creating an opportunity for everyday citizens to become archivists who can inform the museum and then share what they are finding and learning with the world, and with family and friends.”
Indeed, Foggie-Barnett is part of the community that Harris captured.
On the walls of her Pittsburgh home, and included in some Harris exhibitions, are photos of her as a young girl. She had her first photo shoot with Harris when she turned 1 year old. Harris photographed the smiling Foggie-Barnett sitting on a table next to her big birthday cake. It’s one of more than 300 images Harris took of her family. She is now a well-respected “steward” of the Teenie Harris Archive, involved in preserving, curating, and broadening the collection’s reach and community relevance.
Those deep roots and her memories of Harris have proven invaluable to preserving and interpreting this archive, says Leers.
“Our collaboration has been incredible; especially given Charlene’s relationship to Harris and the stories she’s collected. She has shaped how I look at the different kinds of experiences and views that everyone brings, and that are unique to this reinstallation process.
“I used to look at the [Harris] Archive as a record of the past,” he adds. “But now I see that it is living.”
Leadership support is provided by the Drue and H. J. Heinz II Charitable Trust. Major support is provided by the Henry Luce Foundation.
Support the Charles “Teenie” Harris Archive!  
Find more information at www.carnegieart.org   
Receive more stories in your email
Sign up 
Tags:
Art Community The Inclusive Museum  
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   
Expedition team members hike toward the 95-million-year-old megaraptorid site at the Estancia Laguna Palacios.  
Walking the Walk in Patagonia
A dinosaur expert at Carnegie Museum of Natural History continues on a journey 25 years in the making. 
By Katelyn Ferral   
Science & Nature 
| Summer 2023  Print 
  
 
Share    
 
Tweet    
 
Share    
 
Email   | Text Size:
A A A      You May Also Like Community | Science & Nature  
                
                Pursuing Relevant Science
               Behind the Scenes | Science & Nature  
                
                A Lifelong Love of Astronomy
               Science & Nature | Where Art & Science Meet  
                
                Objects of Our Affection: ‘Golden Orioles’
               Discovering a dinosaur begins with a walk.
It’s a walk with purpose, one where success is determined by many factors, some controllable, some not.
“I still to this day get fooled by fossil bones that look like rocks and rocks that look like bones,” says Matt Lamanna, the Mary R. Dawson Associate Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. “The difference can be really subtle. But then, other times, you walk up to a place and it’s just littered with bone fragments and teeth.”
Lamanna, the museum’s chief paleontologist, has taken many of these walks—in Antarctica, Australia, China, Egypt, and Greenland, among other places—and found the remnants of multiple new dinosaur species.
 This year, he returned to the place where his career essentially began: Patagonia, a region at the southern end of South America rich with dinosaur fossils. “I get the question, ‘Why would you go all the way to Argentina?’” he says. “‘It’s really far away. Why would you go there when we have loads of dinosaurs right here in the U.S.?’”
 The answer is simple: Much less is known about dinosaurs from South America than those from Europe, Asia, and especially North America.
For the past 25 years, Lamanna and his Argentinian colleagues have worked to narrow this gap, and to better understand the last non-avian dinosaurs to have lived in Patagonia. Argentinian scientists have been researching these kinds of dinosaurs for even longer. Despite those efforts, much of the rocks there remain unexplored by paleontologists, making them ripe for new discoveries.
“In the limited time I have on this planet I want to make the most scientifically significant fossil discoveries I can. I want to try to improve humanity’s knowledge of dinosaurs as much as I can,” Lamanna explains. “In my mind, the most likely place to do that is in the Southern Hemisphere continents.”
Lamanna’s first trip to Patagonia to work with a group of Argentinian researchers was in 1998, when he was still a graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania. He’s been back several times since, but this year he returned to a spot of special significance: the Estancia Laguna Palacios, a vast wilderness of exposed rocks and cliffs with fossil-bearing strata some 95 million years old. It’s been 15 years since his last expedition there.
Matt Lamanna
“In the limited time I have on this planet I want to make the most scientifically significant fossil discoveries I can. I want to try to improve humanity’s knowledge of dinosaurs as much as I can.”– Matt Lamanna, Paleontologist at Carnegie Museum of Natural History
“I have this weird mix of emotions,” he said, 29 hours prior to departing from his home just north of Pittsburgh in mid-February. “The last time I was there I was 32. I’m 47 now. Do I still have what it takes to do this?”
His 1998 trip to the Estancia Laguna Palacios was Lamanna’s first international dinosaur expedition, and one that was transformative for him, personally and professionally. He developed deep friendships with the Argentinian paleontologists he worked with and began a scientific collaboration that has helped shape his career. 
“We’re like brothers,” Lamanna said of his Argentinian colleagues. “I’m very much a guest on their project. I think I may add a little in terms of scientific expertise, I guess that’s why they keep inviting me back—though I think they might enjoy my company just a little bit, too. Either way, it’s a privilege to be invited to do these kinds of things.”
 Two other associates from the museum—Kara Fikse and Linsly Church—joined Lamanna to document the journey, search for fossils, and help preserve any discoveries. Every fossil discovered stayed in Argentina so scientists there could continue to study them. 
Return Engagement
The Estancia Laguna Palacios looked just the way Lamanna had remembered it.
“Estancia” translates to “ranch” in Spanish, and the terrain looks a lot like a sunlit surface of the moon—a barren, windy plain with jagged rocks, eroded buttes, and spires in an array of rose, slate, and burgundy. The landscape is like Badlands National Park in South Dakota, but with rocks that are tens of millions of years older.
Located in the Chubut Province of Argentina, part of central Patagonia, the region has become well known among paleontologists for its dinosaur fossils from the Cretaceous Period, the last period in the age of dinosaurs.
Most days began about an hour’s drive from the group’s hostel-like cabin in the village of Buen Pasto, where the teams slept in bunk beds and shared dinners after each day’s work.
The team’s campsite at Valle Joaquín, near the Río Chico headwaters, where they collected additional bones of a 70-million-year-old megaraptorid.
The primary mission was to uncover an elephant-sized, long-necked, plant-eating sauropod dinosaur known as a titanosaur. Thanks to a discovery years prior, Lamanna and his colleagues knew there was part of a skeleton buried in the area, and they were going to try to recover it. The titanosaur turned out to be much more complete than the researchers initially thought, preserving vertebrae from the neck, trunk, and hips, plus several large pelvic and limb bones.
But on the fourth day of the expedition, they stumbled on an unexpected find.
Lamanna, Fikse, and Church were revisiting a spot the team first canvassed on its 1998 trip where they discovered a probable new species of meat-eating dinosaur, called a megaraptorid theropod, although not enough of the specimen to be able to name it. 
Known for their powerful forelimbs tipped by enormous claws, megaraptorids are still something of a mystery to paleontologists, who have yet to find a complete skeleton.
“It’s always been a little bit frustrating,” Lamanna admits.
They went back in 2000 to dig more and believed they had collected “everything there was to collect.”
That the skeleton remained incomplete is not unusual. Most of the time, when paleontologists discover a dinosaur, they don’t come close to finding the whole thing. “It’s extraordinarily rare to find a dinosaur that’s even 75 percent complete,” he says. “When you see these fully mounted skeletons in museums, even the best of them almost always have a few reconstructed parts.”
Carnegie Museum of Natural History has one of the most extensive sauropod collections in the world, but even the best of those skeletons isn’t totally complete.
As a result, “our understanding of these dinos does often build up incrementally,” Lamanna says.
Titanosaur femur and tibia in a quarry.
The day of the unexpected find at the ranch was a sunny one.
Lamanna, Fikse, and Church walked along the same area, up a hillside, dispersing in a flat area against clementine-tinted cliffs. They were exploring a group of rocks called the Bajo Barreal Formation, a fossilized ecosystem that preserves dinosaurs and other animals that lived in what’s now central Patagonia about 95 million years ago.
As the wind began to pick up, Lamanna noticed something half buried in the dirt.
“I think I was at the site for about a minute or less, and I looked down and I saw a small piece of bone sticking partly out of the ground,” he recalls. “I realized right away it was part of a meat-eating dinosaur. Given where this bone was found, and the anatomical appearance of the bone, it’s a virtual certainty it belonged to that same megaraptorid specimen we discovered 25 years ago!”
Lamanna soon would identify his find as a foot bone, a piece of evidence that puts the team one step closer to being able to fully envision the dinosaur from the fossils they have and, eventually, name it.
“It was really wild to go back to a site that was so foundational for me, not only in my work in Patagonia but in a lot of my research since then,” he says. “To come back a quarter century later and find another bone of this thing was absolutely unexpected because we thought we’d gotten it all. We were really fired up.”
History-Making Find
By the final week, the expedition had already been deemed a success.
The team had made several key discoveries—including bones of three different dinosaur species—when two of the Argentinian scientists unearthed another history-making fossil.
The group had moved to a new area, the Río Chico headwaters, where the rock formations date back roughly 70 million years. “We get these two brief windows into dinosaurs that lived about 70 and 95 million years ago, respectively, in this part of Patagonia,” Lamanna says.
They camped in a valley in the Río Chico region just in time for the most challenging weather of the trip. Strong winds kicked up swirls of dust, which got everywhere—in tents, in sleeping bags, in socks. Everyone wore ski goggles.
Gabriel Casal (right) and Matt Lamanna (center) make a protective plaster and burlap jacket around several bones of the new titanosaur skeleton at the Estancia Laguna Palacios.
On the first day of the Río Chico dig, two Argentinian students unearthed a Cretaceous-aged mammal fossil, the only one ever found in the region. The students, Noelia Cardozo and Ivanna Mora, have been training in the lab led by paleontologists Gabriel Casal, Lucio Ibiricu, and Andrea De Sosa Tomas.
The unassuming fossil was an upper jawbone of a rodent-sized mammal containing at least four tiny teeth. The whole fossil is only about the width of a thumbnail.
It belongs to a now-extinct mammal called a meridiolestidan. During this time, mammals lived in the shadows of larger dinosaurs and so mostly remained comparatively small in size, Lamanna notes.
Sharing those discoveries with the rest of the world, even as the team was finding them, was Kara Fikse’s job. Fikse, director of donor engagement and stewardship at Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, documented the journey and facilitated live video streams viewed by hundreds of people across the U.S., Canada, France, and Australia.
Kara Fikse
The aim was to give the public a behind-the-scenes view of what it was like to be a dinosaur scientist. She said that witnessing it firsthand was striking. 
“Everyone’s face was streaked with dirt, everyone was just genuinely excited to be working together out there in the field,” Fikse recollects. “And from the scientific aspect, whenever they found something, that sort of emotion of excitement and passion for the work they were doing was pretty contagious.”
It was all a new experience for Linsly Church, curatorial assistant for vertebrate paleontology at the Museum of Natural History.
“This was an exciting opportunity to go on my first expedition and my first trip to Argentina,” Church says. “I was looking forward to learning more about how fossils are found, stabilized, and removed from the ground. It was a great experience and I got to meet and work with so many wonderful people!”
Matt Lamanna and Linsly Church
During the expedition she learned to apply plaster-soaked burlap strips over the fossils to protect them when they were uncovered, and helped to dig the trenches needed in order to extract each bone.
At the Río Chico, she found a toe bone of another new megaraptorid species that had been previously found at the site.
It was one of many discoveries, including parts of duck-billed dinosaurs and turtles, that made the expedition so successful. The new mammal fossil discovered by the Argentinian students was especially groundbreaking.
“By itself, this fossil would’ve made our expedition a smashing success,” Lamanna exclaims. “The fact that we also found parts of four different dinosaur species put it totally over the top.”
International Collaboration
Finding a dinosaur bone in the ground is only the first step in what is often a years-long journey in understanding what a fossil is and where it fits into the broader record of life on Earth.
This long and arduous adventure of fossil study and preservation begins in the lab.
In the middle of their Patagonia trip, the team decamped to the Vertebrate Paleontology Laboratory at the National University of Patagonia San Juan Bosco in the city of Comodoro Rivadavia. There, Lamanna and his Argentinian collaborators, including Lucio Ibiricu, study discoveries from the field.
Lamanna (left) and fossil preparator Marcelo Luna in the Vertebrate Paleontology Laboratory at the National University of Patagonia San Juan Bosco in the city of Comodoro Rivadavia.
“We share a lot of ideas about papers and projects, so we are going to continue in this line,” Ibiricu says. “We are sure that we are going to continue working with Matt for several years, sharing field seasons, papers, projects, and hopefully sharing students to increase their experience.”
As investments in paleontology labs and student training in Argentina continue to grow, more discoveries will follow.
“By working together, the scientific impact we can make is potentially very significant,” Lamanna says.
Because of how Earth has evolved, Cretaceous dinosaurs from the Southern Hemisphere are usually quite different from their northern counterparts, having evolved along separate evolutionary pathways for tens of millions of years after the supercontinent Pangaea broke apart.
Most of the field team that worked in the Río Chico headwaters area. Kneeling, foreground: Kara Fikse. Standing, left to right: Linsly Church, Derek Fikse, Lucio Ibiricu, Bruno Alvarez, Matt Lamanna, Noelia Cardozo.
“By working together, the scientific impact we can make is potentially very significant.”-Matt Lamanna
Expeditions like this exemplify the museum’s mission, says Gretchen Baker, the Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
The museum’s collections are “alive and evolving,” she notes, as scientists investigate them to help us understand life on Earth.
“Sending Matt on this expedition has incredible importance to his own research questions,” Baker says. She adds that, through the livestreams of their expedition, Lamanna and his colleagues were able to show that science isn’t just something that happens in a lab or at someone’s desk. “It’s very much happening in the greater world around us, and there are many aspects of being a scientist.
“The whole time that they were in the field, they were connecting back with visitors here, through their live feeds, and really making science alive,” Baker says. “That’s why we want to continue supporting scientists’ research and exploring their questions.”  
Receive more stories in your email
Sign up 
Tags:
Science & Nature  
    
Our Museums  About Us>Our Museums        Carnegie Museum of Art  Carnegie Museum of Art was the first museum in the United States with a strong focus on contemporary art, instructed by its founder, Andrew Carnegie, to collect the “old masters of tomorrow” at the inception of the Carnegie International in 1896. Today, it’s one of the most dynamic major art institutions in the country.   Carnegie Museum of Natural History  As one of the country’s largest and most respected natural history museums, Carnegie Museum of Natural History plays a critical role in both the Pittsburgh region and the international scientific community by conducting research and presenting exhibitions and programs that highlight the interdependence of humanity and nature, and advocating for the protection of the earth and its inhabitants. The museum’s millions of objects and specimens form one of the world’s great archives of biodiversity and the history of life.   Carnegie Science Center  Recognized as a national leader in promoting literacy in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM), Carnegie Science Center is dedicated to nurturing the next generation of innovators and leaders who will rise to meet tomorrow’s workforce needs. Already the region’s most visited museum with more than 500,000 annual visitors, the Science Center’s new PPG Science Pavilion, to be completed in 2018, is expected to double the number of students it reaches.   The Andy Warhol Museum  The most comprehensive single-artist museum in the world, The Andy Warhol Museum illuminates the art, life, and times of one of the most influential American artists of the 20th century. Combining artworks, images, and objects from Warhol's colorful life, the museum takes visitors on a tour of Andy Warhol's personal and professional life—from Andy Warhol the Pittsburgh art student to Andy Warhol the Pop icon. With some 500,000 artworks and objects, the museum is the global keeper of Warhol's legacy.  
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us    Photo: Joshua Franzos  The Dinosaur that Changed the World
Dippy continues to fascinate the public 125 years after it arrived at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. 
By Jason Bittel   
Science & Nature 
| Summer 2024  Print 
  
 
Share    
 
Tweet    
 
Share    
 
Email   | Text Size:
A A A      You May Also Like Community | Science & Nature  
                
                Pursuing Relevant Science
               Behind the Scenes | Science & Nature  
                
                A Lifelong Love of Astronomy
               Science & Nature | Where Art & Science Meet  
                
                Objects of Our Affection: ‘Golden Orioles’
               Matt Lamanna, a paleontologist and dinosaur researcher at Carnegie Museum of Natural History, usually begins his Dippy origin story like this.
 “In late 1898, Andrew Carnegie was reading a newspaper, and he saw an article about a giant dinosaur having just been discovered in Wyoming,” says Lamanna. “And he got really excited because he had just founded what would become Carnegie Museum of Natural History in 1895, and he was looking for a showstopper.”
 Whole books have been written about what happened after Carnegie read that newspaper, but the abridged version is that he decided to use his vast resources to excavate the beast behind the headlines. Almost immediately, the expedition he financed ran into a problem.
 “Pretty soon it became clear that the only preserved piece of the newspaper dino was a single chunk of thigh bone about the size of a beer keg,” says Lamanna.
 One partial thigh bone does not a showstopper make.
 “Can you imagine,” ponders Lamanna, “those guys triumphantly returning to Pittsburgh to tell one of the richest men in the world, ‘Hey, we spent all that money   you gave us, and brought you back a chunk of thigh’?”
Left: The original newspaper article that inspired Andrew Carnegie (complete with his handwritten “buy this for Pittsburgh” note). Right: The 1899 expedition at Sheep Creek in southeastern Wyoming.
 Fortunately, one of Carnegie’s hired fossil hunters, Bill Reed, knew his stuff and ultimately guided the expedition to another place in southeastern Wyoming known as Sheep Creek. In early July 1899, the crew stumbled upon a massive, nearly complete sauropod (long-necked, plant-eating dinosaur) skeleton. 
“Around 150 million years ago, sauropods lived on every continent except possibly Antarctica. They ranged in weight from that of a horse all the way up to a sperm whale,” says Lamanna. “They were the largest plant-eating animals in a lot of the environments that they existed in.
 “In other words, [the team] had effectively found exactly what Andrew Carnegie was looking for.”
 The crew then spent the rest of the summer carefully extracting sauropod fossils and sending them back to Pittsburgh, where more experts busily cleaned rock off the bones and prepared them for display. What’s even better is that the following summer, another Carnegie expedition returned to the same site and turned up yet another sauropod right next to the first.
Diplodocus carnegii preparation.
This was huge for two reasons.
First, it allowed the scientists to compare the overlapping bones of the two skeletons and determine that they were mostly identical, which means the specimens belonged to the same, as-of-yet-undiscovered species. Second, having two partial skeletons allowed them to create a single composite mount that was nearly 100 percent complete—something that is basically unheard of for an animal roughly the size of three African elephants put together.
 In 1901, the museum’s paleontologist, John Bell Hatcher, made everything official by publishing a monograph that denoted the first skeleton as the “holotype”—or the specimen used to describe a species for the first time. In the same study, it got its official name.
 “And so Diplodocus carnegii came into being,” says Lamanna.
 For most fossils, this would be the end of the story. But for Diplodocus carnegii, the adventures were just beginning.
The King and D. Carnegii
In October 1902, Andrew Carnegie was spending some time at Skibo Castle in northern Scotland, which he had recently purchased and fully renovated.
 “And then one of these really weird coincidences happens,” says Ilja Nieuwland, author of American Dinosaur Abroad: A Cultural History of Carnegie’s Plaster Diplodocus. “Totally unannounced, the English king, Edward, shows up on Andrew Carnegie’s doorstep.”
Edward’s mother, Queen Victoria, had just died in 1901. And as the new guardian of the realm, King Edward VII set his sights on restoring the royal palaces, which the late queen had allowed to fall into disrepair. “Basically, what Edward wanted was to have a look at Carnegie’s plumbing,” says Nieuwland.
Photo: Graeme SmithAndrew Carnegie’s Skibo Castle located in the Highland county of Sutherland, Scotland 
Because Carnegie had just renovated his own castle with all the latest trimmings—electricity, sewers, and indoor plumbing—the king apparently wanted to get some inspiration for his own abodes. Of course, kings aren’t big on advance notice. 
In fact, the visit happened so hastily that in order to play “God Save The King” as the monarch approached—as was customary—Carnegie’s servants had to first haul the organ player out of the middle of his bath, says Nieuwland, who is also a researcher at the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
And so it was that Andrew Carnegie was giving King Edward VII a tour of his castle when the latter spied a drawing of a curious-looking skeleton hanging on the wall of the cigar room. Carnegie proceeded to tell the story of his prized namesake, Diplodocus.
“And the king offhandedly said, ‘Oh, yeah, I’d like to have one of those in London, as well,’” says Nieuwland. “And Carnegie then took it upon himself to make sure that he actually did get that dinosaur for King Edward. Because Carnegie was really keen on establishing himself the equal to all these kings and queens and so forth.
“So Carnegie asked William Holland, who was the director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History at the time, whether they could find another dinosaur,” says Nieuwland. “And Holland answered with something akin to, ‘Are you serious?!’”
Not wanting to disappoint his boss, Holland came up with an alternative idea: Why not create a copy of the one they already had?
“As luck would have it, Carnegie Museums was also an art museum, so they employed a lot of Italian plasterers to make copies of statues and columns and that sort of thing,” says Nieuwland. While the two dinosaurs had been excavated and shipped to Pittsburgh, they had not yet been assembled into one. For starters, the now-historic “Carnegie Institute” building, which opened in 1895 and housed Carnegie’s library as well as the beginnings of his art and natural history museums, was too small to house a dinosaur so large. Not to mention, says Nieuwland, “handling the original fossil required much more care than dealing with a plaster copy, and therefore progress was slower.”
Preparators first assembled that first replica, or cast, of Diplodocus carnegii at the Western Pennsylvania Exposition Society near Pittsburgh’s Point in 1904. This marked the first time a version of D. carnegii would ever go on display.
By 1905, that cast was shipped to England in 36 crates, where it was set up in what is now known as the Natural History Museum in London. And the crowds went wild for it.
“There are photos from the unveiling where there are people shoulder-to-shoulder,” says Lamanna.
Lord Avebury addressing the audience at the presentation of the Diplodocus carnegii cast at the British Museum of Natural History.
Back in Pittsburgh, big things were in the works.
“Multiple sources cite the discovery of Diplodocus carnegii and Carnegie’s desire to display its mounted skeleton as a major driving force behind the construction of an expanded Carnegie Institute building,” says Lamanna.
In 1907, the greatly expanded building debuted with its Halls of Architecture and Sculpture, a spectacular foyer for Carnegie Music Hall, and a section dedicated entirely to fossils known as Dinosaur Hall. Diplodocus carnegii finally had a forever home.
Diplodocus Carnegii In Its Forever Home In Pittsburgh.
“It was a big deal,” says Tom Rea, author of Bone Wars: The Excavation and Celebrity of Andrew Carnegie’s Dinosaur.
The display of real fossils—not just casts—is what made it momentous, explains Rea.
Before long, word of Carnegie’s Diplodocus spread like wildfire. And everybody wanted a piece.
Dippy’s World Tour
 At the turn of the 20th century, the largest and most respected museums in the world were only just beginning to catch dino-fever.
 “It’s a really amazing time in science when you think about it,” says Rea.
“These were all temples of science,” adds Rea, who is also editor and founder of WyoHistory.org, a project of the Wyoming Historical Society. “These big halls, with high ceilings and dramatic arches, and daylight coming down through the clerestory, and all that stuff that makes these spaces so fun.” “This is probably the most-seen dinosaur specimen in the history of the planet.”
-Matt Lamanna, paleontologist and dinosaur researcher at Carnegie Museum of Natural History
But most of them had nothing like a Diplodocus. So when requests started to pour in from abroad, Carnegie again seized the moment.
Before long, casts would be sent to some of the largest cities in the world. According to Rea, Berlin erected its Diplodocus cast in March 1908. Paris followed suit that June. The following year, Vienna and Bologna joined the trend, and then St. Petersburg in 1910, La Plata, Argentina, in 1912, Madrid in 1913, and Mexico City in 1930.
For the vast majority of museumgoers of the day, it would be the first dinosaur they’d ever laid eyes upon.
“The cool thing about that is, most of these casts are still on display,” says Lamanna. “When you think about all the hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people that see Diplodocus carnegii casts every year in all these European cities, in Latin [and South] America, and couple that with the fact that these mounts have been on display in many cases for more than a century,” says Lamanna, “this is probably the most-seen dinosaur specimen in the history of the planet.”
The House That Dippy Built
No one is quite sure who first coined “Dippy” as the nickname for Carnegie’s Diplodocus.
“I can tell you that the fossil preparator Arthur Coggeshall used the nickname in three articles he wrote in Carnegie magazine about the discovery and fame of D. carnegii in September, October, and November 1951,” says Rea.
Coggeshall had been connected to the museum for more than half a century at that point. In fact, he was on the original expedition in Wyoming when Dippy was discovered.
Nieuwland adds that Coggeshall’s boss, Holland, referred to the Diplodocus as “Old Dip,” but not Dippy.  
The one thing we do know is that pretty much as soon as the casts of Carnegie’s Diplodocus started stomping around the world, some scientists took issue with how the mount stood. This was due, in part, to a notion of the day that dinosaurs would have stood like modern-day lizards and crocodiles—low to the ground, with tail in tow and legs sprawled widely apart.
But Holland, who started his career as a butterfly expert before doubling as the museum’s paleontologist, contended in 1910 that the legs of Diplodocus held the animal higher off the ground, more like a mammal.
“Ultimately, Holland’s argument was proven correct,” says Lamanna, who cites the subsequent discovery of fossilized sauropod trackways showing that the feet were placed close together as the deciding factor. “And now everyone that knows or cares at all about sauropods reconstructs them with their legs underneath their bodies, like an elephant.”
More changes came over time—and some of them quite recently. Lamanna arrived at the museum in 2004 and at the time, the tail of Diplodocus carnegii still lay upon the ground. Worse still, it nearly touched the feet of a T. rex, a dinosaur that humans are closer to in time than Diplodocus would have been.
“So this was wrong on two levels,” says Lamanna. “First of all, the dinosaur’s tail probably didn’t touch the ground very much, if at all. And secondly, having the tail lap against the ankles of a 66-million-year-old dinosaur … I mean, you might as well have had a caveman riding the T. rex.”
Getting Dippy’s tail off the ground—and away from T. rex—was just one of many changes that went into the creation of the museum’s Dinosaurs in Their Time exhibition, which opened in 2008 in a space triple the size of the original Dinosaur Hall. Among other changes, Lamanna and his colleagues also switched the bones in Dippy’s forelimbs and added vertebrae in its tail, in keeping with the latest research.
Photo: Joshua FranzosDinosaurs in Their Time
Elsewhere in the exhibition, scientists, artists, and fossil preparators transformed formerly two-dimensional fossils into three-dimensional works of art, including Dryosaurus elderae, Camptosaurus aphanoecetes, and Corythosaurus casuarius. Similarly, real fossil heads of Edmontosaurus regalis and Triceratops prorsus received cast bodies, bringing them to life.
And it’s not just the mounts, says Lamanna. The team has also worked to surround the dinos with plants, rocks, smaller animals, and other facets of the ecosystems they would have once inhabited to create a more immersive visitor experience.
Of the roughly 230 objects now on display in Dinosaurs in Their Time, about 75 percent are real fossils, not casts, making this one of the most impressive paleontological exhibitions on Earth.
Dippy: Teacher And Celebrity
Of course, in paleontology, there will always be questions we can’t answer. For instance, scientists have yet to find a Diplodocus carnegii head, meaning the one sported by Dippy currently is a cast of a skull of the related species Diplodocus longus. And remember, Dippy is already a composite skeleton—meaning it’s made up of multiple specimens.
Lamanna—who has helped discover and name much larger sauropods known as titanosaurs—says that Dippy was the bedrock on which so much future paleontology would be built.
“Diplodocus is one of our first windows into sauropod biology,” he explains. “The appearance, behavior, lifestyle, evolutionary relationships; when we do research on sauropods today, in a lot of ways we’re standing on the shoulders of the people that did research on Diplodocus back in the day, and also Diplodocus itself.”
The museum has also fully embraced Dippy’s celebrity—placing the dino in its logo and stationing a full-bodied gelcoat and fiberglass replica outside on Forbes Avenue. These days, the outdoor Dippy may be the one that gets the most attention, on account of its ever-changing accessories.  “When it’s football season, it might be wearing a Steelers-colored scarf. And just this week, we put up a scarf to recognize the International Transgender Day of Visibility,” says Gretchen Baker, Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History. “It gives us a way to celebrate different holidays or express different kinds of community support, or support for our staff who might identify with those communities.” “Dippy has always been here, since 1907, and represents, really, the beginning of the museum in a lot of ways.”
–Gretchen Baker, Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Internationally, Dippy the Diplodocus was so beloved that it appeared in The Adventures of Tintin comic, films such as Paddington and Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb, and, according to Lamanna, there’s even a good case to be made that its vertebrae inspired the gigantic sand-monster skeleton seen in the background of the first Star Wars film, A New Hope.
The United Kingdom so cherished its cast that it disassembled Dippy and stored it in the basement to protect it from bombing during World War II. And when the decision was ultimately made to replace the dinosaur in the Natural History Museum’s main hall with a blue whale skeleton in 2017, the cast went on a two-year tour of the British Isles that “smashed visitor records” and raised millions of dollars for local communities due to what they called the “Dippy effect.”
“Dippy has always been here, since 1907, and represents, really, the beginning of the museum in a lot of ways,” says Baker. “It was acquired at a time when there was this kind of mad rush to collect dinosaurs and understand this incredible time in Earth’s history. And we finally had some of the science to do that.”
Diplodocus carnegii is a symbol of “scientific discovery and scientific goodwill,” adds Baker.
Dippy has meant so much to so many. And the chain of events that had to unfold for that legacy to form is nothing short of extraordinary.
Might another institution have found Dippy if Carnegie’s crew hadn’t? Perhaps, says Lamanna, but …
“It seems very doubtful to me that any other institution would have then molded the entire composite skeleton and distributed the resulting replicas to 10 or so prominent museums throughout Europe and Latin America,” he says. “For one thing, that required financial support that very few, if any, other institutions had at the time, or even today.”
Not to mention Carnegie’s chance meeting with the king of England.
“I highly doubt that many other natural history museum founders were hosting powerful monarchs at their personal residences in 1902,” Lamanna says. Support the museum’s paleontology research with a gift.   Receive more stories in your email
Sign up 
Tags:
Science & Nature  
 
Privacy Policy 
Our Commitment to You
By allowing Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh to collect your information, you permit us to inform you of exciting new exhibitions, programs, membership offers, and opportunities to support the museums and our services. Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh respects your privacy and implements reasonable measures to protect the information we collect from you. Our privacy practices allow our donors, members, online program participants, and visitors to manage the personal information we collect from them in certain circumstances. Please take time to review our privacy policy, below, to understand how you might be affected by our privacy practices, and make an informed decision as to what type of information you are willing to provide.
If you have questions or comments about the privacy of the information you provide or that we collect in other ways, contact Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh.
Email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org
Mail:
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
4400 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA  15213
Attention: Membership 
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 3, 2022
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh (“Carnegie Museums” or “us” or “we” or “our”) own and operate a number of web sites and mobile applications including but not limited to the carnegiemuseums.org, cmoa.org, carnegiesciencecenter.org, carnegiemnh.org, and warhol.org web sites (the “Sites”). This privacy policy (“Policy”) applies to information collected by Carnegie Museums through the Sites, through any other online location where this Policy is published, and through our other interactions with you, including but not limited to, via mail, telephone, email, online transactions, online programming and onsite visits at our museums or to Carnegie Museums programs, exhibits or events at other locations (collectively with the Sites, the “Services”).
This Policy only applies to information that you provide or we collect from you through the Services identified above. Other web sites, mobile applications, and online services, including any third-party services you use to interact with Carnegie Museums, may have their own privacy policies and you should consult those policies accordingly.
Policy Changes
Carnegie Museums reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. Since this Policy may change as we modify or expand our Services, we suggest you check back from time to time in order to understand how we currently handle your information. Our Policy’s effective date will always be set forth at the beginning and end of the Policy. Any changes will be immediately incorporated into this Policy.
Any change to this Policy is effective immediately. Your continued use of the Services after any changes are made to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If any changes are unacceptable to you, you are no longer authorized to use the Services and should cease all such use.
The Information We Collect
Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) is generally defined as information that, by itself or in combination with other information, is reasonably capable of being linked to a specific individual.
Depending on how you interact with Carnegie Museums, there are certain aspects of the Services where we will only collect Personal Information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide, and other aspects of the Services provided through the Sites where we may automatically collect data from you, including your Internet Protocol address (IP address), cookies, and other online identifiers that may include portions of Personal Information through the use of tracking technology (see the “Information Collected Automatically” section, below). For example, Personal Information you voluntarily provide to the Carnegie Museums may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, email address, username and password, age/birthdate, credit/debit card number or other payment information, photograph, image, voice, likeness or other identifiable characteristics, office address and other business or organizational information, or any other type of data that, directly or indirectly, is reasonably capable of being associated with someone. You may be asked to provide such Personal Information to Carnegie Museums when you: complete and submit forms to become a member of Carnegie Museums;
send emails or other communications to Carnegie Museums;
register for events, camps, classes or other programs;
purchase tickets for admission, events or programs;
provide permission forms for events, camps, classes or other programs;
rent space at the museums;
sign up to receive emails or other communications from Carnegie Museums;
contact Carnegie Museums with questions, comments, or other messages;
participate in online programming or other online events;
donate or provide gifts to Carnegie Museums;
respond to surveys; or
otherwise provide any information to us voluntarily through the Services. Carnegie Museums generally will not ask you to provide any sensitive data, such as your religious beliefs, citizenship status, sexual orientation, or your race or ethnicity, but you may be able to voluntarily provide such sensitive data in content that you upload, post or otherwise provide on or through the Services. To the extent you voluntarily make any sensitive data available through the Services, you hereby acknowledge and agree that such data may be processed by Carnegie Museums as necessary to provide the Services in accordance with your instructions.
Information Collected Automatically
There are areas of the Sites where Carnegie Museums or our service providers may automatically collect certain data as you use the Sites and navigate elsewhere online, such as your IP address and other data about your Internet connection, your operating system, browser type, and other services or equipment you use to access the Sites, and usage data about your interaction with our Sites. This automatically collected data generally does not identify any specific individual, but to the extent such data is reasonably capable of identifying you or another person, we will treat such data as Personal Information.
This automatically collected information may include data on how you use our Sites, what pages you have visited, or any errors that occurred while you were visiting our Sites. This information may be used by Carnegie Museums to help us in developing content and improving our Sites to create the best experience for our visitors. The technology used to automatically collect this information may utilize cookies, which are small files sent to your browser by our Sites when you visit. Cookies can be used to track usage patterns, trends and visitor behavior, as well as to record other information regarding your visit. These cookies may allow us to share information with our trusted advertising partners which enables us to present you with retargeted advertising on third-party web sites and/or social media platforms based on your previous interactions with our Sites. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can change the preference on your browser to reject them. Doing so however, may affect your ability to use certain features of our Sites.
We may also use third-party analytics providers which could automatically collect certain Personal Information and other data about you through the Sites including, but not limited to, your IP address and/or other online identifiers. Third-party cookies or other tracking technology may be used through this process to track data such as the times you most frequently use the Sites, what devices you use to access the Services, what parts of the Services you visit and the links you use to get there. These data and analytics service providers may use such information to track how you use the Services, measure the performance of the Services, improve features on the Services, and provide Carnegie Museums with tools that satisfy overall operating needs for the Services. Carnegie Museums may then use feedback from these service providers to improve the Services and our interactions with you.
All of the above-referenced IP addresses and other data will be collected in an automated manner and we may maintain that information or associate it with certain other data, which may include Personal Information you provide voluntarily through the Services. This helps us improve our Services, deliver better and more personalized Services, estimate our audience size and usage patterns, and store information about your preferences.
How We Use Your Information
Carnegie Museums may use your Personal Information and other data to appropriately respond to your requests and to provide a variety of Services. Personal Information regarding your interests will allow us to provide materials to meet your specific needs. Museum personnel may, for example, use the Personal Information to customize offers, target communications through mail and email, and to present you with retargeted advertising on third-party web sites and/or social media platforms.  More specifically, Carnegie Museums may use your Personal Information and other data to: deliver exhibits, programs and content on or through the Services;
administer registrations for events and provide virtual learning programs and other Services;
request and process donations and other gifts you provide to Carnegie Museums;
maintain proper records consistent with applicable law;
respond to your questions, comments or other messages;
keep you up to date on events and programs happening at Carnegie Museums’ locations;
send you communications about our Services;
invite you to events;
provide ongoing technical support related to the Services;
improve the content on the Sites and the general administration of the Services;
perform internal operations related to the Sites (e.g., spam and fraud prevention);
troubleshoot software issues and operational problems with the Sites;
conduct data analysis and testing;
monitor usage of the Services; and/or
otherwise advance Carnegie Museums’ Services, offerings, or mission. Carnegie Museums or its designees may, from time to time, compile statistics on visitors to our museums and Sites and/or work with others compiling statistics or performing other quantitative analysis. In these situations, data that Carnegie Museums has related to your interactions with the Services may be used to aggregate statistical information to analyze visitor interest or other aspects of non-profit organization-related activities. The information aggregated will not include any Personal Information as it relates to a single visitor.
Sharing Information
Carnegie Museums may share certain portions of Personal Information with vendors that help provide certain Services on behalf of Carnegie Museums in order to make the Services function properly. This may include sharing certain kinds of Personal Information, including without limitation, your credit card, debit card or other payment information, and/or your voice, likeness and any other Personal Information you make available in connection with Carnegie Museums’ virtual learning programs or other Services with: Payment processors to administer donations and other payments you submit through the Services;
Video conference service providers that assist us in providing our virtual learning programs and other Services; and/or
Third-party personnel such as experts, judges, presenters and other individuals who help provide certain Services in connection with Carnegie Museums’ events and programs. Under certain circumstances, we may trade or exchange contact information such as your mailing and email addresses among other Personal Information you provide during registration processes online, over the phone, or in-person at our museum locations, with reputable third-party museums and other cultural organizations that are not related to Carnegie Museums. If you do not want your information to be provided to such third-party organizations in connection with this activity, please contact us at membership@carnegiemuseums.org or call us at 412.622.3314. You also can review the “Your Choices” section, below, for other details on how you may be able to request changes regarding Carnegie Museums’ handling of Personal Information it maintains about you.
As stated above, Carnegie Museums may use video conference service providers when providing virtual learning programs or other online events. When registering for such online Services, please review any information made available about the video conference service provider for the applicable program or event, including that provider’s privacy policy, for more details about how that provider may handle the Personal Information or other data it collects from you.
Other third parties, such as social media platforms and other providers of services that rely on user generated content may be able to collect certain data that could include your Personal Information over time and across different online services when you interact with the Sites and other online Services.
If at any time it becomes reasonably necessary, we will release the Personal Information and other data Carnegie Museums maintains about you if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law or in cooperation with a government or law enforcement investigation, to comply with a court order, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Carnegie Museums, its personnel, the users of its Services, or others.
Personal Information received or held by Carnegie Museums may be transferred if our ownership status changes. Under such circumstances, Carnegie Museums will make reasonable efforts to cause any successor to agree to abide by the terms of this Policy.
We also may disclose your Personal Information to other service providers to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts related to your use of the Services, or as otherwise described to you at or before the point when we collect your Personal Information.
As a donor, member, and visitor of the Carnegie Museums, as a user of the Sites or our other Services, and by providing to or otherwise allowing Carnegie Museums to collect the Personal Information and other data referenced above, you agree, without limitation or qualification, that Carnegie Museums may process such Personal Information and other data in accordance with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Again, please check back periodically for changes to this Policy.
Your Choices
Depending on where you are and how you use our Services such as, for example, if you participate in our membership program, you may be able to ask questions or make certain choices with respect to Personal Information you provided to Carnegie Museums, or that Carnegie Museums may have collected about you. For example, in some situations you may be able to request (subject to applicable legal exceptions): Confirmation of whether Carnegie Museums has collected and is processing your Personal Information;
Correction of any inaccuracies about your Personal Information, depending on what kind of Personal Information it is and the purposes for which Carnegie Museums is processing that data;
Deletion of Personal Information you provided to Carnegie Museums or that we have otherwise collected about you; and
That Carnegie Museums stop processing your Personal Information for certain purposes other than what is necessary to provide the Services or as required by applicable law. In addition, depending on where you are when you use our Services, you may submit requests regarding Personal Information you provided to Carnegie Museums, or that Carnegie Museums may have collected about you, such as requests to: Restrict our processing of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as in the event you contest the accuracy of the information;
Access the Personal Information we hold about you; and
Object to or withdraw any consent, in certain circumstances, for marketing activities that involve the use of your Personal Information (this may result in deletion of the Personal Information). If at any time you would like to request the ability to edit or delete any Personal Information Carnegie Museums may have about you, opt-out of receiving further information from Carnegie Museums, limit what we share, or if you otherwise wish to ask Carnegie Museums to cease using your Personal Information in the manners specified in this Policy (subject to any applicable legal exceptions), please call the Membership Office at 412.622.3314 or send us an email using the address membership@carnegiemuseums.org.
Carnegie Museums is required to try to verify the identity of any person or entity that requests the disclosure or deletion of Personal Information. If you have a password-protected account with us, we will use our existing authentication procedures to verify your identity. For most other requests, Carnegie Museums will ask you to provide information that matches at least two pieces of Personal Information we store about you before responding to your request. If more information is needed to verify your identity in certain situations, Carnegie Museums may deny your request or ask for more details as necessary to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure and deletion.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, nor does it guarantee that we will be able to process your request. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
The Carnegie Museums reserve the right to refuse any request made regarding your Personal Information if we are unable to process the request for any reason, such as if we are unable to verify the identity of the person making the request or if we cannot authenticate the legitimacy of the request using reasonable efforts. Carnegie Museums is under no obligation or duty to verify the legitimacy of any request regarding Personal Information.
Any removal of content by Carnegie Museums does not ensure or guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of the content in all places. The content may have been shared or reposted by other parties, or federal or state law may require maintenance of the content or information. Carnegie Museums will do our best to accommodate your request, but we cannot guarantee we can remove all Personal Information from the specified uses. Therefore, please be as specific as possible in your request. If the request relates to information Carnegie Museums needs to make the Services function properly for you, you may not be able to use the Services properly moving forward.
Carnegie Museums reserve the right to maintain proper records as required by law, or for otherwise legitimate purposes to the extent permitted by law, even if such records contain your Personal Information.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving promotional emails from the Carnegie Museums, please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email or send us a detailed email at membership@carnegiemuseums.org.
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell web sites you do not want to have your online activities tracked. The Sites are not currently configured to respond to “do not track” or similar automated privacy controls. To learn more about ways to possibly opt-out of certain kinds of tracking that occur when you browse the Internet generally and may lead to targeted advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative web site and the Digital Advertising Alliance web site.
Options you select are browser- and device-specific, and there is no guarantee that these industry-provided opt-out tools will prevent all targeted advertising. As noted previously in this Policy, it is possible that certain third parties may receive information through the Services. Since some of these third parties may respond differently than Carnegie Museums to “do not track” requests, you should consult the applicable privacy policies of those third parties for that information.
Information Security
To protect your Personal Information, Carnegie Museums uses appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Information and other data stored on or through our Services.
Personal Information provided to or collected by Carnegie Museums is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information and other data that could include your Personal Information by placing it on a secure portion of our Sites that are only accessible by certain qualified employees of Carnegie Museums.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information as much as possible, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information. The transmitted information may be intercepted by others before it reaches Carnegie Museums, for example. Therefore, you should exercise discretion in what information you disclose and/or transmit through the Sites. If you are concerned about sending information to Carnegie Museums online, please send the information by mail or call us to make other arrangements. Carnegie Museums is not responsible for the security of information transmitted online.
Carnegie Museums retains collected information for as long as needed to fulfill the stated purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or otherwise processed, and thereafter for a variety of legitimate purposes in support of Carnegie Museums and our Services. Carnegie Museums also will retain collected information connected to organizational records for periods of time required or permitted by law. These may include retention periods that are: (1) mandated by law, contract or similar obligations that apply to Carnegie Museums’ operations; (2) for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or (3) needed to maintain adequate and accurate organizational records.  If Carnegie Museums determines that information is no longer needed and no legal obligation to retain such data exists, it will delete such information. Our record-keeping times will be consistent with applicable law. If you have any questions about the security or retention of your Personal Information, please contact us.
Children’s Information
Carnegie Museums may collect certain Personal Information from teenagers who are between 13-18 years old and qualify to receive free access to the Carnegie Museums and our Services through our Teen Membership program. We will use this Personal Information to introduce teens who enroll in the program to our museum locations and Services, to organize events and tours related to the Teen Membership program, to provide transportation to such events and tours, and to partner with community-based organizations that serve teens.
The Sites are not directed at, marketed to, nor intended for, individuals under 13 years of age. No one under the age of 13 is authorized to use the Sites, and minors younger than 13 are not permitted to provide any information on or through the Sites without the verified consent of any such minor’s parent(s) or legal guardian(s). If you are under 13 years of age, DO NOT: use or provide any information on or through the Sites; use any of the Sites’ features; use any interactive or public commenting feature on the Sites or through other online Services; and/or provide any information about yourself to Carnegie Museums.
Carnegie Museums does not and will not knowingly collect or request any information, including Personal Information, from any person under 18 years of age without the consent of the minor’s parent(s) or legal guardian(s). If Carnegie Museums learns that we have received Personal Information from any person under 18 years of age without the appropriate consent of the minor’s parent(s) or guardian(s), Carnegie Museums will delete that information.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 18, and would like to enroll your child in Carnegie Museums’ virtual learning programs or other online Services, believe your child may have used or uploaded or posted information through the Sites inadvertently or without authorization, and such information is publicly available, or if you believe Carnegie Museums might otherwise have information from or about any person under 13 years of age, please contact us immediately at membership@carnegiemuseums.org.
International Use and Transfers
If you are outside of the United States, you are responsible for complying with any local laws regarding your use of the Services, and any related data collection. You also agree and acknowledge that by providing any data through the Services, including Personal Information, that such information may be transmitted to, and stored in, the United States.
If you are in the European Economic Area (the “EEA,” which includes the 27 European Union Member States, Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (collectively, the “EU”) when you use our Services,  or if you use our Services from other regions with laws governing the collection, use and transfer of Personal Information across international borders, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information, you hereby agree to permit any transfer and processing by Carnegie Museums in accordance with this Policy.
If you are located in the EU, then with the exception of uses for which we have obtained your consent, your Personal Information is processed to perform our obligations under a contract with you or another organization on behalf of which we are providing Services, or where the processing is in support of our legitimate interests as described in this Policy and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms under any data protection laws and regulations that may be applicable.
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), individuals in the EU also may have the right to lodge a complaint about Carnegie Museums’ processing of your Personal Information with a supervisory authority. In particular, such individuals may lodge a complaint in the EU Member State where they live or work or where the alleged violation took place.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to and processed by staff operating in the United States. Disclosure will be to individuals who work for Carnegie Museums and organizations with which we have contracted to process or store this data on Carnegie Museums’ behalf. The entities that receive Personal Information as a result of international transfers are required to follow our instructions with respect to the use of Personal Information and comply with appropriate security measures to protect your information.
External Links
The Services may contain links to external web sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements or sponsor information, which are not controlled by Carnegie Museums. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and data collection policies for such third-party services. You should consult the privacy policies of those third-party services for details.
Carnegie Museums may also allow interaction between our Services and other third-party services online, including social media providers. This interaction may include plugins that allow you to share information with persons outside of the Services. Please consult the privacy policies of such third-party providers before using them to make sure you are comfortable with the level of sharing.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact the Carnegie Museums at:
Email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org
Call: 412.622.3314
Mail:
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
4400 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA  15213
Attention: Membership
If you believe there has been some violation of this Policy, please contact us.
    

    
Leadership   About Us>Leadership   Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
Institute Leadership Team   Steven Knapp President & Chief Executive Officer 
president@carnegiemuseums.org    Gretchen Baker Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Director, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, and Vice President of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
Carnegie Museum of Natural History director@carnegiemnh.org    Maria Bernier Senior Vice President & Chief Legal Officer 
bernierm@CarnegieMuseums.Org    Jason Brown  Henry Buhl, Jr., Director, Carnegie Science Center, and Vice President of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
Carnegie Science Center director@carnegiesciencecenter.org    Frank Cardiello Vice President, Finance, Treasurer, and Chief Financial Officer 
cfo@carnegiemuseums.org    Eric Crosby 
The Henry J. Heinz II Director, Carnegie Museum of Art, and Vice President of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
Carnegie Museum of Art director@cmoa.org    Brian Harkins Vice President, Human Resources 
hr@carnegiemuseums.org    Kevin Hiles Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer 
coo@carnegiemuseums.org    Carey Miller Vice President, Development 
VPDevelopment@carnegiemuseums.org    Ed Motznik Vice President, Technology 
tech@carnegiemuseums.org    Gina Winstead Vice President for Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility (IDEA) 
winsteadg@carnegiemuseums.org    Tony Young Vice President, Facilities, Planning, and Operations 
fpo@carnegiemuseums.org  
Our Volunteer Leaders: Carnegie Museums Board of Trustees and Museum Advisory Boards
Carnegie Museums has a rich history of dedicated volunteer leaders who have been instrumental in our development and dynamic growth. They are community leaders from arts and culture, business, education, and government.
See the current list of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Trustees and members of the four Museum Advisory Boards.  

    
Join & Support 
Become part of the Carnegie Museums community as a member and supporter. Explore the world with us through free admission to our four museums—Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. Enjoy special events, store and café discounts, and free reciprocal admission to other museums and science centers across the country. And know that your support matters, today and for generations to come.      JOIN  Find yourself at Carnegie Museums: Choose from among five membership levels—all with unlimited free admission and members-only benefits.   SUPPORT  The four Carnegie Museums reach 1.4 million people a year—including more than 380,000 school children. Your support is a gift to them, and to future generations who will experience Carnegie Museums thanks to your generosity.       Benefits    Gift Memberships    Reciprocal Privileges    Matching Gifts    
Contact Us
The Advancement & Community Engagement Team is glad to answer your questions or update your contact information. We’re available every Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., so please feel free to email, call, or tweet at us. We strive to answer every call personally and to respond to all emails within one business day.
Email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org
Phone: 412.622.3314  
    
Opportunities  Your work might belong in a museum. One of our museums. 
As the region’s largest cultural organization, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh offers opportunities to make a difference in southwestern Pennsylvania and beyond. To impact and inspire your community while enriching yourself. 
We’re always looking for talented people from diverse backgrounds and experiences to join our team. We offer competitive benefits to our staff of more than 1,000, place importance on fostering diversity and a spirit of inclusion, and emphasize creativity and innovation. 
Need assistance or an accommodation? Carnegie Museums is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or have a request for a reasonable accommodation during any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, please contact our human resources team at HRConnect@carnegiemuseums.org or 412.622.3311.      Search Jobs  Whether you’re looking for part-time employment or a full-time career, we have opportunities in central services and across the four Carnegie Museums.    About Us  Why Carnegie Museums? We’ve been making an impact for more than 125 years.    Work Perks  We’re all about investing in you and your well-being. Check out our competitive employee benefits.     Our Commitment  Diversity and inclusion has a place in our work every day. We are committed to creating an environment where all staff feel welcome, supported, and appreciated for their individuality.   FAQs  Find answers to your Carnegie Museums hiring questions, including help with the online application process.   Volunteer or Intern  Interested in joining our dedicated volunteers? Searching for an internship experience? Here’s how to get involved.   
    
Things to Do 
Whether you’re looking for a one-of-a-kind date night, meaningful family fun, or simply to be inspired by the wonders of art, science, and natural history, you’ll discover it at Carnegie Museums. Four distinctive museums. So many incredible experiences.       Learn With Us  From curious preschoolers to art-loving great-grandparents and every age and interest in between, Carnegie Museums is the destination for lifelong learning.    View Our Exhibitions  Dinosaurs and the art of Andy Warhol. Toss in a World War II submarine, original Monets, and  exhibitions dedicated to robots and the science of sports. And that’s only what makes us permanently interesting. We also boast constantly changing art and science exhibitions—something for everyone.   Explore Our Collections  Millions of scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.   Members-Only  Join our member family and gain insider access.  
    
Great Event Spaces 
Whether you’re planning a wedding, corporate event, or family party, let our team at Carnegie Museums help you make it a memorable, one-of-a-kind experience. 
At the four Carnegie Museums, you can choose from more than 20 event spaces that bring distinctive style to weddings, cocktail parties, anniversary celebrations, and business events. We can open museum galleries and gift stores for your guests. Have your party in a museum for an experience they won’t soon forget. Create any atmosphere—elegant, iconic, dramatic, or out-of-this-world—in our many great event spaces.
Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About My Event form.
Image Gallery      Carnegie Museums in Oakland  Home of Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, consider making this historic building the site of your next special event. From gilded halls to contemporary corridors, including: Carnegie Music Hall and its resplendent Music Hall Foyer, arguably the grandest event space in the city; the iconic Hall of Architecture and Hall of Sculpture; Scaife Foyer, a contemporary space ideal for large cocktail receptions; the Foster Overlook to Carnegie’s world-famous dinosaurs; and the stately Founder’s Room, where Andrew Carnegie once greeted his museum visitors. Reserve an entire museum or arrange a private tour and reception for your guests.    Carnegie Science Center  From its scenic perch along Pittsburgh’s North Shore, the Science Center doesn’t just peruse the mysteries of the universe—it offers unmatched views of Pittsburgh’s famous skyline and rivers, with plenty of convenient parking, lively exhibits, and cool ideas for truly original events. Pointview Hall offers a panoramic view ofPittsburgh iconic bridges, Point State Park, the three rivers, and Mount Washington.   The Andy Warhol Museum  Why not give your next function a truly hip feel? There’s no more intriguing or distinctive space in Pittsburgh—the definitive home of the art and Pop sensibility of native-son Andy Warhol. The museum’s bold, bright lobby holds 120 seated guests and 200 for cocktails. Invite your guests to mingle with celebrities on a custom tour; or rent the entire museum for an evening. You can also host business meetings, lectures, or symposiums in the museum’s state-of-the-art film and video theater.   Weddings at the Museums  Make your wedding day truly memorable by celebrating it at one of the distinctively special Carnegie Museums. Our events and catering teams will work with you to create just the right atmosphere in just the right space, large or small.    Note: Carnegie Museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our Event Spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to Carnegie Museums.  Further, Carnegie Museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups.   
    
Press     
              Press Releases
                            Media Resources
                            Contact Us
             
Press Releases  Highlights of announcements: May 1, 2024
Carnegie Museums’ Community Access Program provides free memberships to 19,000+ teens and discounted memberships to 3,800 families
March 22, 2024
Pittsburgh’s historic Carnegie Music Hall reopens after eight-month renovation
March 15, 2024
Patrick Moore to step down as director of The Warhol in May
January 23, 2024
Daniel and Carole Kamin make transformational $65 million gift in support of Carnegie Science Center
December 22, 2023
Winners announced for “Envisioning a Just Pittsburgh” – a Call for Inclusive Art
August 14, 2023
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh begins restoration and renovation of historic Carnegie Music Hall in partnership with Volpatt Construction
July 13, 2023
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Elects New Trustees
July 10, 2023
Carey Scheide Miller Named Carnegie Museums Vice President for Development
June 19
Envisioning a Just Pittsburgh – Call for Inclusive Art
May 18, 2023
Carnegie Museums Announces Contract Agreement With United Steelworkers
May 16, 2023
The Warhol Appoints Aaron Levi Garvey Chief Curator
February 7, 2023
The Velvet Underground & Nico: Scepter Studio Sessions
January 24, 2023
Carnegie Museum of Natural History Presents Apsaalooke Women and Warriors 
January 10, 2023
Carnegie Science Center Enters Age of Vikings With New Exhibition
December 7, 2022
Climate Change Threatens North American Wildflowers
November 17, 2022
Carnegie Science Center Opens New Permanent Mars Exhibition
November 9, 2022
The Warhol Announces the Discovery and Digitalization of the Rare Master Tapes of the Velvet Underground’s Debut Album The Velvet Underground & Nico
November 1, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Natural History Launches “We Are Nature” Podcast Series
September 14, 2022
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Membership Reaches Record 34,780
September 2, 2022
Is it morning for you yet?, the 58th Carnegie International Opens on September 24, 2022, with a Weekend of Dynamic, Compelling Events
August 16, 2022
Andy Warhol’s Social Network: Interview, Television and Portraits
June 22, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Art Announces Artists Participating in the 58th Carnegie International, titled Is it morning for you yet?
June 13, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Art announces New “Mindful Museum” program for visitors over 55
June 8, 2022
Bizarre meat-eating dinosaur joins “Rogues Gallery” of giant predators from classic fossil site in Egypt’s Sahara Desert
June 4, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Art welcomes visitors back to Inside Out
June 2, 2022
Carnegie Museums names Gina Winstead Vice President for IDEA
May 20, 2022
The Warhol to Launch Bold New Project to Increase Economic Development and Museum’s Impact in Pittsburgh and Nationwide
May 10, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Natural History presents Nature’s Amazing Machines, exploring the engineering feats of the natural world
April 22, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Art Announces First Round of Commissions and Partnerships for the 58th Carnegie International
March 28, 2022
Carnegie Science Center is transforming: Moves the popular “Robot Hall of Fame” to make way for a new exhibition
March 11, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Art Announces First Round of Commissions and Partnerships for the 58th Carnegie International
March 10, 2022
400+ students expected to compete in Science Center’s Pittsburgh Regional Science & Engineering Fair
March 9, 2022
Pittsburgh Launches Spring 2022 Lights Out Program to Protect Migratory Birds
February 23, 2022
Free programs for Northside Families offered at Carnegie Science Center
February 15, 2022
The Warhol Promotes Nicole Dezelon to Director of Learning and Public Engagement
February 2, 2022
Carnegie Museum of Art presents Working Thought
February 1, 2022
Announcing The Warhol TV
January 25, 2022
The Warhol Launches Dedicated TikTok Account Managed by Local Teens
January 19, 2022
Paola Pivi: I Want It All
January 11, 2022
New Fossil Species named for Carnegie Museums of Natural History Paleontologist
December 7, 2021
New Mineral named for Carnegie Museum of Natural History Scientist
December 1, 2021
Carnegie Museum of Art announces 2022 Exhibitions
October 27, 2021
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Announces New Community Access Memberships
October 20, 2021
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh celebrate shared anniversary with “Crash the Carnegies”
October 20, 2021
Carnegie Science Center receives funds to support vaccine confidence
October 2, 2021
Carnegie Science Center Announces Regional Premiere of POMPEII: The Exhibition
September 14, 2021
Carnegie Museum of Natural History to host National Geographic Society’s Monster Fish Exhibition
August 9, 2021
Powdermill Nature Reserve records 800,000th Bird Banding
August 4, 2021
Carnegie Science Center partners with University of Pittsburgh Center for Vaccine Research for Public Engagement Event
June 22, 2021
Sound Series: Block Party
June 15, 2021
Geovette Washington Elected Chair of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Board
May 26, 2021
Marisol and Warhol Take New York
April 28, 2021
The Miniature Railroad & Village at Carnegie Science Center Commemorated
April 7, 2021
Warhol and Basquiat In Focus: Works from the Permanent Collection
March 25, 2021
PPG, Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation, and Carnegie Science Center team up to provide school assembly program
January 11, 2021
Researchers announce world’s first dinosaur preserved sitting on next of eggs
January 6, 2021
Gretchen Baker Named Director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History
  To see all the latest press releases from our four museums, enter their respective museum press rooms here:
Carnegie Museum of Art
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Carnegie Science Center
The Andy Warhol Museum   Media Resources  RESOURCES
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh is the largest and most far-reaching cultural organization in Pittsburgh. Established in 1895 by Andrew Carnegie, Carnegie Museums is a collection of four distinctive museums: Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. We reach more than 1.4 million people a year through exhibitions, educational programs, outreach activities, and special events.
Request a 2024 Media Pass
Download our Logo
Learn more about what makes us unique:
Our History
Our Impact
Our Stories
Our Collections   
Contact Us    CONTACT US
Our team connects reporters with the museums and museum experts.  
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh  (Central Offices)
Betsy Momich
Director of Communications
412.622.3236
Carnegie Museum of Art
Stefanie Mohr
Director of Marketing
412.622.3328
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Sloan MacRae
Director of Marketing
412.353.4678
Carnegie Science Center
Connie George
Senior Director of Marketing and Community Affairs
412.237.1657
The Andy Warhol Museum
Charlene Bidula
Communications Manager
412.237.8351    

 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Behind the Scenes 
    :
                  
A Lifelong Love of Astronomy
By Chris Fleisher 
Dan and Carole Kamin have a long history with Carnegie Museums, but their relationship with Carnegie Science Center Director Jason Brown began a little over five years ago at a garden party. It was May 2019, and Carole’s famous tulips were in bloom. Brown, who had recently been named as the Science Center’s director, was … Continued      Closer Look: Walking the Land
By Chris Fleisher 
A new perspective on familiar offerings at Carnegie Museums.      Restoring A ‘Palace of Music’
By Bob Batz Jr. 
The most significant renovation in Carnegie Music Hall’s 128-year history brings the beloved performance space into the 21st century.        ‘Everything Is Beautiful at the Museum’
By Chris Fleisher 
The stories of Carnegie Museums volunteers are as varied as they are. They’re all giving back in ways they hadn’t expected—and the museums wouldn’t be the same without them.       ‘Miraculous’ Recoveries
By Ben Seal 
It’s been nearly three decades since she was floating on a ship in the North Atlantic, as anxious as a kid on Christmas morning to see what would be raised from the depths, but Rhonda Wozniak still talks as if she’s in the middle of it all. A Pittsburgh-based expert in marine objects conservation, she … Continued      Bringing Ancient Egypt Alive
By Cristina Rouvalis 
An expert in ancient wood has joined the Museum of Natural History to preserve a 4,000-year-old funerary boat and other artifacts      Custodians of Collections
By Chris Fleisher 
A younger generation of researchers manage Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s historic libraries of artifacts and specimens.      The Mystery Of The Little Black Books
By Donald Gilliland 
The missing travelog of Gordon Bailey Washburn makes its way back to the museum he led more than 70 years ago.       125 Years: A History in Objects Continues
Michael 
Andy Warhol’s dental molds and the spark for hair-raising science. Artwork anyone can borrow and a dapper dinosaur with its own accessories. A celebration of 125 years of Carnegie Museums continues through the remarkable stories of pieces of museum history.        Notes from the  Front Lines
By Julie Hannon 
The visitor services leaders at the four museums reflect on a year like no other.   
    
Timed Tickets   Timed Tickets   Plan your next visit by reserving tickets today!
Timed ticketing is a great way to choose the best time to visit the museums this summer. 
Reserve your tickets today and know what to expect when you visit.
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Carnegie Museum of Art
Carnegie Science Center
The Andy Warhol Museum   

    
The Andy Warhol Museum 
Whether you’re planning an informal dinner for 20, a black-tie awards ceremony for 100, or a cocktail reception for 200, consider hosting your event at the home of all things Andy, including his many celebrity friends. All events have the option to add gallery floors, guided tours, and studio activities.
We offer an inclusive planning experience and our rental costs include all of the following: Tables and chairs–highboy and low cocktail tables, larger round tables, lounge furniture, bar stools and chairs
Basic audio visual–house sound and lighting, projection capabilities, wireless microphones, and an audio visual tech
All security, custodial services, and special-events supervision. Food and beverage is provided by our on-site exclusive caterer, and we will work with you directly to plan your menu.
Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About My Event form.
You can also call us at 412.237.3431 or email us. 
Image Gallery     
First Floor - Entrance Space 
The museum’s entrance space has the look and feel of Warhol’s famous factory. Plan a one-of-a-kind corporate party, wedding reception, awards ceremony, or other special event.    
Capacity:
Seated – 120
Cocktails – 200   The Warhol theater 
This intimate theater space is ideal for business meetings, lectures, wedding ceremonies, or symposia. 
Capacity:
Seated – 98*
*Additional/Standing Room Available    
Note: Carnegie Museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our Event Spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to Carnegie Museums.  Further, Carnegie Museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   Subscribe 
You can subscribe two ways (we hope you’ll do both!):
IN PRINT.
The quarterly print edition of Carnegie magazine is a unique perk of membership to Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, which includes free admission to four distinct museums: Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. Join today.
You can also purchase a subscription, send one as a gift, or request a back issue.
GET THE LATEST STORIES IN YOUR INBOX.
Make your inbox more interesting. Sign up today to have new stories delivered each month
Sign up    
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: The Inclusive Museum 
    :
                  
Access for All
By Amy Whipple 
Carnegie Museums’ Community Access program has opened up the museums to thousands of new members, including 19,000 teens.      A Living Archive
By B. Denise Hawkins 
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.      Everybody’s welcome on this dance floor
Story by Nichole Faina; Photos by Stephanie Strasburg 
Now more than ever, The Andy Warhol Museum’s annual LGBTQ+ Youth Prom provides a space of connection and community.      Q+A: Gina Winstead
By Chris Fleisher 
In conversation with the vice president for inclusion, diversity, equity, and accessibility (IDEA)      Connecting Through Art
By Chris Fleisher 
Through greater access and representation, one couple hopes to bring art alive for more young people of color.      Succeeding together
By Chris Fleisher 
Perry Traditional Academy is working to become one of Pittsburgh’s top-performing high schools. Carnegie Science Center is helping the North Side high school reach its goal.        Connecting through Art
By Julie Hannon 
One Museum of Art donor gives back to the place that helped him make sense of life as an inquisitive teenager.      Teens Find  Self-Expression in Drag
By Elizabeth Hoover 
The Warhol’s School of Drag is the museum’s latest effort to provide more inclusive, accepting, and creative spaces for LGBTQ+ young people to thrive.            Invitation to Pretend
Text and photography by Aleem Hurst 
In a photo essay, artist Aleem Hurst explores domestic spaces and the call for social change.      Art For All
By Matthew Rice 
A recounting of adventures in artmaking at The Warhol.    
    
Our Impact   About Us>Our Impact   Community
Families sharing quality time together. School children and their teachers discovering unique sources of inspiration, knowledge, and fun. Explorers of all ages experiencing one-of-a-kind exhibitions and events. The reach of the four Carnegie Museums is far and wide and open to all.    
1.5 million people served      
1.05 million
museum visitors     
249,000
schoolchildren
participate in educational programs     Inspiring Lifelong Learning
Carnegie Museums inspires, educates, and challenges. Our museums are places of thoughtful, playful discovery—where curious minds explore the most pressing issues of the day. They are guardians of and presenters of art, scientific collections, and ideas. And they bring to the region experiences only the four Carnegie Museums could deliver.    100+
special exhibitions, films, theater shows, and live performances brought to Pittsburgh annually by the four Carnegie Museums     
20,000 adults 
attend classes, lectures, and evening social programs      
16,500
children
 attend camps, classes, and sleepovers     
Welcoming to All
Carnegie Museums strives to expand its impact and provide better access to all by inviting partners from across the city to work with us to create new programs; through discounted admissions and free days; and by collaborating with people with varying degrees of physical and sensory abilities to create more meaningful experiences for every visitor.    148,700
people 
receive free admission      37,500
schoolchildren receive free or discounted  programming, transportation      52,500
ACCESS
card holders
pay $1-$3 for admissions         
 
Calendar Of Events 44 Results  
Filter        Close Filter 
Filter Results
44 Results     
All Museums
Carnegie Museum of Art
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Carnegie Science Center
Powdermill Nature Reserve
The Andy Warhol Museum  
All Audiences
Just for Adults
Just for Seniors
Just for Teens
Kids/Family
Members-only  
All Event Types
Activities
After-hours Events
Exhibitions
Films
Live Performances
Talks & Tours    
(You must reset filters after each search.)  
  
Mar 9, 2024 -
				Mar 9, 2025  The Stories We Keep: Conserving Objects From Ancient Egypt 
Natural History  Featured Event 				Natural History			
Exhibitions   May 18, 2024 -
				Jan 20, 2025  KAWS + Warhol 
Warhol  Featured Event 				Warhol			
Exhibitions   May 29, 2024 -
				Jan 5, 2025  The Science Behind Pixar 
Science Center  Featured Event 				Science Center			
Exhibitions
						|
							
				Kids/Family			   Sep 21, 2024 -
				Jun 15, 2025  Tatiana Bilbao Estudio: City of Rooms 
Art  Featured Event 				Art			
Exhibitions   Nov 2, 2024  Charles “Teenie” Harris Archive Concert and Celebration 
Art  Featured Event 				Art			
Activities   			Every Wednesday		 
Youth Open Studio 
Warhol  
				Warhol			
Activities
						|
							
				Just for Teens			   			Every Friday		 
Good Fridays 
Warhol  
				Warhol			
After-hours Events   			Last Saturday of each month		 
Dandy Andy: Warhol’s Queer History 
Warhol  
				Warhol			
Talks & Tours
						|
							
				Just for Adults			   Nov 4, 2023 -
				Jan 26, 2025  Pittsburgh Satellite Reef 
Art  
				Art			
Exhibitions   			FRIDAY THROUGH SUNDAY		 
The Factory – Fridays 
Warhol  
				Warhol			
Activities
						|
							
				Kids/Family			  Posts navigation
1
2
…
5
Next Page
  

    
Explore Our Collections 
Individually, Carnegie Museum’s collections are impressive. Together, they’re unparalleled in scope and diversity. Our museums are home to some of the most historically significant and artistically brilliant collections in the world—the foundation of the museums’ expansive research, exhibitions, and educational offerings.       Carnegie Museum of Art  With a collection of more than 30,000 works, areas of excellence include Old Master prints and drawings, nearly 3,000 Japanese prints, Impressionism, the expansive Teenie Harris Archive, our film and video archive, and contemporary art from the 1980s to the present, along with iconic works from other eras.    Carnegie Museum of Natural History  A wondrous collection of millions of objects and scientific specimens used every day to broaden our understanding of the history of Earth, evolution, conservation, and biodiversity.   The Andy Warhol Museum  It’s the definitive collection of all things Warhol, including the artist’s 610 Time Capsules and 12,000 paintings, drawings, prints, photographs, sculpture, films, and videos. Archives include more than 500,000 objects.     
More Things to Do   
Nights at the Museums 
Nights at the Museums
Sleepovers, adults-only fun, stargazing, and more!    Learn With Us 
Learn With Us
From curious preschoolers to art-loving great-grandparents and every age and interest in between, Carnegie Museums is the destination for lifelong learning.     View Our Exhibitions 
View Our Exhibitions
Dinosaurs and the art of Andy Warhol. A World War II sub, original Monets, and the largest exhibition dedicated to robots.     Super Science Saturdays 
Super Science Saturdays
Get up-close with dinosaurs, discover secrets of DNA, and learn what it’s like to be a scientist in the field.    
    
Contact Us   Contact Us   Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About My Event form.  
To talk with us about an event: 
At our Oakland Museums, call 412.622.3241 or email us.   
At Carnegie Science Center, call 412.237.3431 or e-mail us.  
At The Andy Warhol Museum, call 412.237.3431 or email us.     
    
Membership FAQs   Join & Support>Membership>Membership FAQs                     Membership Benefits
                            Using Your Benefits
                            Digital Card
                            Membership Levels
                            Purchasing Your Membership
                            General
             
Membership Benefits  What museums are included in my membership?
Your membership includes the four Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh:
Carnegie Museum of Art
Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Carnegie Science Center (including Highmark SportsWorks®)
The Andy Warhol Museum
What discounts do members receive?
Members receive a 10% discount in all four museum stores and cafes. In addition, members receive discounts on select classes, camps, and lectures (member pricing is listed when applicable).
What member events are offered?
Members enjoy exhibition previews, exclusive tours, lectures, and more! Please visit our member events page for a list of upcoming events.
Do members get reciprocal benefits at other museums?
Carnegie Science Center participates in the Association of Science-Technology Centers (ASTC) Passport Program which offers free or discounted admission to participating science centers and museums that are beyond a 90-mile radius of Pittsburgh and your home address.*
Just show your Carnegie Museums membership card and a photo ID for admission at ASTC institutions. We recommend calling before you visit, as the list of reciprocal museums may change without notice.
Premium level members and above also receive reciprocal admission to a list of select art and natural history museums. View the list here.   Using Your Benefits  When can I start using the membership?
Immediately! Join online and you will receive a confirmation email to present at the museum for admission. Be sure to type your email address correctly and check, “Yes, I would like to receive communications.” (Still not seeing it? Check your promotions tab or junk folder.)
Buy it over the phone and we will send you a confirmation email at your request.
Join at the admissions desk and receive a temporary membership card to use right away. Can I bring guests with my membership?
Individual: Only the cardholder receives admission under the membership.
Dual: Covers admission for two adults or one adult and one child. If only one cardholder is visiting, a guest child or adult may accompany him or her.
Family: Covers admission for two adults and up to four children. At Carnegie Museums, we want all children to enjoy the museums, so feel free to bring your children’s friends, your nieces and nephews, or your neighbors.
Premium: Covers admission for two adults and up to eight guests per visit. This is a great option for large families! One of the designated cardholders must be present to accompany guests.
Note: You can bring guests to member events just like you bring guests for a museum visit. If your membership does not allow for guests and you would like to bring more people, you can upgrade to a higher level by calling 412.622.3314.
Can my adult children or other relatives use my membership?
Our membership levels cover people, not households, so if you would like another family member to use your membership, please list them as one of the designated adults. Depending on your membership level, they may accompany you to the museum as a guest.
Memberships are not transferable: Adults not accompanied by a cardholder will not be admitted under the membership.
Can I use my membership for a group tour, field trip, or 21+ Night?
Free membership admission does not apply to group visits, field trips, or special programs such as 21+ Night due to additional programming and expenses related to these visits.
Can I visit without my membership card?
Designated adults on the membership can visit without their card. Simply show a valid photo ID at the admissions counter. Member children visiting without a designated adult or caregiver MUST have a membership card to gain admission under the membership.
How do I apply my member discount in the online store?
Use your 10% discount on unique and fun gifts from all four of our Carnegie Museums stores.
To receive your member discount on our online store, just enter code CMPMember in the Coupon box on the cart or checkout page and click Apply.   Digital Card  Digital Card FAQs
What is a “Carnegie Digital Membership Card”? Is it the same as an app?
Your optional Carnegie Digital Membership Card is an app that can be accessed on your smartphone.
I don’t want a Carnegie Digital Membership Card. What should I do?
The Carnegie Digital Membership Card is optional. If you don’t wish to download the card, simply disregard the message and you won’t be offered this feature until you renew your membership.
Will I still receive a physical Carnegie Membership Card?
Yes, you will still receive a physical Carnegie Membership Card whether or not you opt-in to the Carnegie Digital Membership Card.
How do I add Carnegie Digital Membership Card to my smartphone?
iPhone- Access the email from your smartphone and click the “Download” button, then click “Add to Wallet” and “Add.” The card will automatically go to your iPhone’s Apple Wallet. It can be accessed in Wallet at any time.
Android- Make sure the Google Wallet app is installed. If not, you may download it from here. Open the email directly from your phone. Tap on the “Download Membership” button. Click on “add to Google Wallet”. A preview will appear. Click on “Save to Google Wallet”. In some cases, Google Wallet might ask you to log in so you can save it to an account. Please log in to continue (no credit card information should be required). The card will be saved to Google Wallet and you will be able to access it from the Google Wallet app at any moment.
We strongly encourage members to use Google Wallet as the primary digital wallet solution for Android, but will continue to help you in case you’d like to use an alternative Android wallet option, like Wallet by Wallet Union..
I downloaded my card but can’t find it.
If you have an iPhone, the card will automatically download to Apple Wallet. Check the app for your new card (scroll through any cards that are already there–it may be hiding!). If you have an Android, you’ll need to download Wallet Passes from the Play Store prior to downloading the card.
How do I access the back of my Carnegie Digital Membership Card?
iOS/iPhone
1. Open your Carnegie Digital Membership Card
2. Tap on the  icon at the top right of the card. If you don’t see this icon, make sure you are not accessing the card from your lock screen.
Android
1. Open your Carnegie Digital Membership Card
2. Tap on the “i” icon at the bottom right of the card.
My family member is also on my membership account. How can they receive the card?
iPhone/iOS- Navigate to the back of the card (tap on the “…” button on the front), then tap on the share icon at the top right to send the card to your secondary member.
If you are an iOS user, you will find the share icon at the top right on the back of the card.
Android- Navigate to the back of the card (tap on the small “i” on the front) and use the “Share Pass” button to send the card to your secondary member.
I have not received my Carnegie Digital Membership Card.
Please complete this survey and we will resend your Carnegie Digital Membership Card.
I don’t have a mobile phone, what should I do?
Please contact us at membership@carnegiemuseums.org or 412.622.3314.
I have a question about my membership information or benefits.
Please contact us at membership@carnegiemuseums.org.   Membership Levels  I have more than four children. Which membership level should I purchase?
Memberships cover a set number of people, not households. We have three levels intended for families of all sizes—Dual, Family, and Premium levels. The Premium is ideal for larger households. If more than two adults and four children (or one adult and five children) will be visiting the museum at once, consider purchasing our Premium membership.
What are your donor levels of membership?
Free admission is just the beginning—and your gift to the Carnegie Museums makes a difference! Visit our website to learn more about joining the Donors Circle or Patrons Circle or by calling our Donor Services line at 412.622.5772.
You can also make a donation here.   Purchasing Your Membership  How can I purchase a membership? Purchase or renew a membership online.
Join over the phone by calling the Membership Team at 412.622.3314.
Sign up on site at the museums Why isn’t my discount/promotion code being applied towards my online purchase?
If you’re having trouble joining, please call 412.622.3314. On the weekends, please leave a message, and we will call you back on the next business day.
If you received an email, you must click on the links in the message to receive the discount. We cannot retroactively apply discounts, so please call us before hitting “Submit.”
If you receive a membership promotion from Carnegie Museums, please make sure that the offer has not expired. If the offer is still valid, make sure that you are typing in the web address exactly as found on your offer.
I received multiple discount offers from Carnegie Museums. Can I use them all at once?
Only one discount can be applied per membership purchase. However, you are more than welcome to select which offer you would like to use.
Will I receive renewal information before my membership expires?
Your expiration date is printed on your membership cards. We will send renewal notices starting at least two months before your membership expires to give you plenty of time to renew. Please let us know about any address or email changes, so that you receive renewal notices. Update your information by contacting us.
I already renewed. Why am I still receiving notices?
Due to processing time, some materials will cross paths in the mail. This should end once you receive your card(s). If it does not, please contact us.   General  What exhibitions and programs are at the museums? What are the museum hours?
For complete information about museum hours and programs, please contact the museum directly:
Carnegie Museum of Art (412.622.3131)
Carnegie Museum of Natural History (412.622.3131)
Carnegie Science Center (412.237.3400)
The Andy Warhol Museum (412.237.8300)
I’m not receiving member emails. Why?
If you are not receiving member emails, please contact us. There are a variety of reasons why you may not be receiving member emails, but we’ll make sure to add you to our list.
When will I receive my membership cards?
You will receive your membership cards within 15 business days of your purchase. If your cards do not arrive within four weeks, please contact us to request new cards. Please include your mailing address so we can verify it when sending the new cards.
What if my card is lost, stolen, or has errors?
Please contact us to request a new card. If your card is lost or stolen, your membership is still secure.       
    
Member Events   Join & Support>Membership>Member Events   Joining the Carnegie Museums member community gives you special access to members-only events, tours, previews, and discounts. Thank you for being a member! And, if you’re not a member, please consider joining today!
Questions about any of the events listed? Contact our membership team or Corporate Membership team.    
              Upcoming Events
                            2024 Recorded Events
                            2023 Recorded Events
                            2022 Recorded Events
                            2021 Recorded Events
                            2020 Recorded Events
             
Upcoming Events   
Fab Lab Senior 101 Workshops
Thursdays, Sept. 5–Nov. 21
12:30–2:30 pm
Please note: The Fab Lab Senior 101 Workshops are for Seniors 65+ members only. Fab Lab will host Fab Lab Senior 101 workshops where attendees can learn the basics of 3D printing, laser cutting, vinyl cutting, and more in Pittsburgh’s favorite makerspace. There will be complimentary registrations for Senior Members and refreshments, covered by CMP Membership and Annual Giving.
Participants in 101 workshops are encouraged to return to the Free Fab Lab Open Workshop hours every Friday night to practice their digital fabrication skills.
SOLD OUT
     
Mindful Museum
Wellbeing through Art for Visitors 55+
Wed., Sept. 11–Dec. 11, 2024
9 a.m.–1 p.m. Experience something new each Wednesday at Carnegie Museum of Art! Expand your mind and refresh your body with chair yoga, drawing and art-making, 30-minute guided tours through the galleries, meditations, art history classes, and online offerings. New this year are special sessions with guest senior artists and classes led by museum curators! Each Wednesday is designed for you to choose your path for learning, connecting, or just spending time surrounded by art. New and returning museum visitors age 55+ are welcome.
REGISTER NOW
Support by:    
Borneo Wake Up Call: The Frogs of the Crocker Range
Monday, October 21
7-8 p.m.*
Zoom The stars will be out in Pittsburgh, but the sun will have just risen over the rainforests of Borneo. Join Associate Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles Jennifer Sheridan in the field as she details the previous night’s explorations: recording frog calls and collecting specimens. This livestream will bring you to a new field site, one that is rich in the possibility of new data and discoveries. Tune in to learn more about how specimens get from the field to the museum and the impact collecting has on conservation efforts and public education. Rain date: Oct. 22 at 7 p.m.
SIGN UP
Learn more about Jennifer’s research and the biodiversity of Borneo!
* Events that have not started by 7:15 p.m. will be moved to the rain date. Please note: Fieldwork can be unpredictable! We will be working in remote international locations, and may need to delay, reschedule, or cancel these events due to technical difficulties, weather, or other variables. If we make the tough decision to cancel the live event, we will share a recording of the presentation as soon as we can.    Members Event: Trains and T. Rexes
Friday, November 1
6–9 p.m.
Carnegie Science Center You are invited to a special Family Night at Carnegie Science Center, featuring the famous Miniature Railroad & Village® and the film T. REX at The Rangos Giant Cinema! Enjoy exclusive members-only time at the Miniature Railroad, admiring the newest addition, the Chinatown Inn. Then, head over to The Rangos to travel back to the Cretaceous period during the screening of T. REX.
For over 100 years, dinosaurs have thrilled audiences, commanding blockbuster status in museums and at the box office. With top tyrannosaur scientists and pioneering paleo and visual effects artists, this production aims to be the most dazzling and accurate T. rex documentary ever made.
SOLD OUT!    Virtual Owl Prowl
Wednesday, Nov. 6
7–8 p.m. EST
Zoom
It’s that time of year again—when our intrepid scientists at Powdermill Nature Reserve trek through the grounds of the Laurel Highlands in search of some of our region’s most elusive and fascinating avian residents. With experts Annie Lindsay and Luke DeGroote as your guides, join the hunt for our noctural neighbors from the comforts of home. They’ll check PNR’s specifically designed owl nets for migrating Northern saw-whet owls, and along the way, share their knowledge on the adaptations that make these birds the ultimate nighttime hunters. Tune in on November 6 at 7 p.m. for a Powdermill “hoo’s who” during the 3rd Annual Powdermill Owl Prowl. 
SIGN UP    Virtual Star Party
Thursday, Nov. 7
7–8 p.m. EST
Zoom
Join Kayla Waugaman, Producer & Observatory Coordinator at The Buhl, on November 7 at 7 p.m. for a meteor shower marathon! Kayla will discuss the 10+ meteor showers occurring throughout November and December, listing their peaks and rates per hour. During this tour of our night sky, you’ll discover how these showers are formed and how to spot them as they reach their peaks from your own backyard. 
SIGN UP    Members Event: Wild Ecoadventure Family Night
Friday, November 8, 2024
6–9 p.m.
Carnegie Museum of Natural History You and your family are invited to explore wild wonders at Carnegie Museum of Natural History! Engage in family-friendly activities that take you through storied exhibits like never before. Travel to the icy tundra of Polar World, feel the heat of the desert in the Hall of African Wildlife and walk among giants through the world-renowned Dinosaurs in Their Time.
Create your own history with a photo booth, face painting, caricatures, crafts, and more. Don’t miss out – reserve your spot on what is sure to be another wild Ecoadventure.
Limited Spots Available    Members Event: Fall Exhibition Celebration
Sunday, November 10
6–9 p.m.
Carnegie Museum of Art You’re invited to a special member viewing of the NEW Charles “Teenie” Harris Archive Gallery and exhibition Tatiana Bilbao Estudio: City of Rooms at Carnegie Museum of Art.
In 2001, following Harris’s wishes, Carnegie Museum of Art purchased his archive of more than 70,000 black-and-white and color negatives, prints, and films from the artist’s family. This new gallery is the most expansive expression of the archive to date offering unparalleled access to the breadth of Harris’s body of work, featuring never-before-seen color photographs and moving images alongside iconic black-and-white photographs, film negatives, and recorded oral histories.
Where do we find rest? How do we share our meals? Can the spaces we inhabit daily help us better nurture one another? In Tatiana Bilbao Estudio: City of Rooms, five galleries are assigned an individual room typology—kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, living room, and garden. The architects associate each room type with current projects. These relationships offer new possibilities for privacy and publicness.
Join us for an exclusive look at the new gallery and exhibition and an opportunity to socialize with fellow members over light bites and refreshments.
Limited Spots Available
Charles “Teenie” Harris, Alyce Brooks playing mirrored piano in Continental Bar at Crawford Grill No. 1, c. 1945-1946, Heinz Family Fund, © Carnegie Museum of Art, 2001.35.5695  2024 Recorded Events  When we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. Due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain.
Closed-captioning is available for all videos by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.     Borneo Wake Up Call: The Frogs of Mahua
The stars will be out in Pittsburgh, but the sun will have just risen over the rainforests of Borneo. Join Associate Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles Jennifer Sheridan in the field as she details the previous night’s explorations: recording frog calls and collecting specimens. This livestream will also highlight Sheridan’s favorite frog species and the other fauna that help make Borneo one of the most biodiverse places on the planet. Rain date: Oct. 15 at 7 p.m.
Recorded Oct. 14, 2024
Link coming soon    Zoom In: Found Objects: From Rocks to Soup Cans
From the first cave paintings of prehistory to contemporary objects and modern inventions, humans have found beauty in common items and familiar locations. Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection holds numerous examples of art created from ordinary materials—copper, wood, natural fibers, disposed plastic, and stones. Found Objects: From Rocks to Soup Cans shines a spotlight on these unique pieces, exploring how artists throughout history have infused the everyday, the commonplace, and the mundane with meaning and life.
You are invited to join Carnegie Museum of Art’s talented docents for this virtual examination of the earthy, stony, and plastic examples of found object art housed in our galleries and archives. From the comfort of home, you’ll gain unique insights, see a curated selection of works in remarkable detail, and contribute to our continued evaluation of found object art with your own questions and perspectives.
Recorded Oct. 8, 2024
WATCH VIDEO
Jessica Stockholder, JS 462, 2008, Gift of Anne and Joel Ehrenkranz © artist or artist’s estate    Expedition Borneo: What to Know Before We Go
Join Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s curator of amphibians & reptiles Jen Sheridan for a frog-filled expedition briefing that will take you from the streets of Pittsburgh to the rainforests of Borneo. Teeming with biodiversity, Borneo is a treasure trove for scientists studying all kinds of life, from the world’s tallest trees to the tiny frogs that are the focus of Sheridan’s research. No need to pack your bags to discover the “Who,” “What,” “Where,” and “Why,” of Sheridan’s two-week journey. You’ll learn more about her plans to record frog calls, collect specimens, and conduct studies that will increase our understanding of human impact on natural places rich in biodiversity.
Recorded Sept. 25, 2024
WATCH VIDEO    Dippy & Friends
It’s the 125th anniversary of the discovery of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s beloved Dippy, the giant sauropod dinosaur Diplodocus carnegii, and we’re throwing a “gotcha day” party! What other dinosaurs would Dippy invite? Which would be left off the guest list? Join CMNH dinosaur curator, Matt Lamanna, to learn about Apatosaurus, Stegosaurus, Allosaurus, and other amazing animals that shared Dippy’s world some 150 million years ago in what’s now the Rocky Mountain region of North America.
Recorded July 23, 2024
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Star Party
Pittsburgh may be known for cloudy skies, but the Buhl Planetarium has you covered for clear stargazing this summer. To learn all about comets, join Carnegie Science Center’s Buhl Planetarium team on June 12 for a tour of our night sky—one without light pollution. Discover what to look out for this month, including the June Bootid meteor shower and Comet 13P/Olbers.
Kayla Waugaman, Producer & Observatory Coordinator at The Buhl, will explain all the astronomical jargon you need to know as you uncover all the intricacies that go into studying meteors, stars, and everything glistening in our cosmos. There’s no better way to stargaze from the comfort of your home!
Recorded June 12, 2024
WATCH VIDEO    Looking Closely: Lessons from Carnegie Museums’ “Natural History Art” Collection
In 1973, the “M. Graham Netting Animal Portraiture Collection” was established through a grant by the Scaife Family Charitable Trusts. In the years that followed, Graham Netting, former Director and Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles at Carnegie Museum of Natural History, used these funds to build an eccentric collection of hundreds of prints, drawings, paintings, photographs, and archival ephemera by Natural History staff, scientists, naturalists, illustrators, and other makers. Deirdre M. Smith, Teaching Assistant Professor of Museum Studies, University of Pittsburgh; Assistant Curator, Carnegie Museum of Natural History will share images and stories from the collection, exploring what it can teach audiences today about the history of the museum, and the history of art and science.
Recorded May 9, 2024
WATCH VIDEO
Winifred Austen, Golden Orioles (1909), Watercolor on board, 20 x 27 in., NHA 28.266    A Very Andy Show and Tell
Next month, we will be celebrating our very own Andy Warhol Museum’s 30th anniversary. Did you know there is another museum dedicated solely to the artist over 4,500 miles away in Slovakia? Andy Warhol Museum of Modern Art in Medzilaborce (MMUAW) opened in 1991, making it the first museum in the world to be dedicated entirely to the Pop artist. MMUAW focuses its galleries on the life and work of Warhol as well as other contemporary artists who personally knew him such as Keith Haring and Jean-Michell Basquiat. Amongst authentic artifacts like Andy’s snakeskin jacket, prayer book, and cassette player, the museum’s most valuable piece is the Warhol brothers’ authentic baptismal gown, which Andy and both of his brothers wore during their baptisms.
In 2016, The Andy Warhol Museum of Modern Art celebrated its 25th anniversary and Donald Warhola, Andy Warhol’s nephew, visited the museum with his family on this special occassion. Click to hear about Donald’s experience at MMUAW along with his personal stories about Uncle Andy — all in celebration of The Andy Warhol Museum’s 30th anniversary this May!
Recorded April 25, 2024
WATCH VIDEO    March Mammal Madness
The producers of March Mammal Madness 2024 have put together an amazing lineup of combatants for this year’s event, including mammals and non-mammals. There are even poisonous plants! As curator of mammals at Carnegie Museum of Natural History, John Wible repeats the same question that he asks each year: will this be the year that a non-mammal finally wins the tournament? Formidable non-mammal combatants include the giant squid and great white shark. Yikes! Fan favorites include the sparklemuffin peacock spider and Lucy, Australopithecus afarensis, an early member of the human family tree. Who will win between the chestnut-headed bee-eater (a bird) versus a bee! John will discuss the history of winners and losers of the 12 prior March Mammal Madness events and preview the 2024 finals.
Recorded April 2, 2024 
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Titled/Untitled What’s it all about?
Carnegie Museum of Art has a vast collection of over 100,000 art pieces spanning thousands of years from hundreds of artists around the world. There is so much more than you think when it comes to titling or “un-titling” a work of art. Join a talented team of docents as they explore the importance of titling artwork, where titles come from, the meaning of “Untitled,” and more. Join us and enjoy the museum’s diverse and intriguing collection of art all from the comfort of your own home!
Recorded Tuesday, March 19, 2024
WATCH VIDEO
Installation view of the Lenka Clayton/Jon Rubin collaborative work Fruit and Other Things from the 2018 Carnegie International.  2023 Recorded Events  When we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. Due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain.
Closed-captioning is available for all videos by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.     Zoom In: The Neapolitan Presepio
Immerse yourself in the captivating world of Carnegie Museum of Art’s Neapolitan presepio with Curatorial Assistant Alyssa Velazquez. ‘Zoom In’ from the comfort of your home as she guides you through the enchanting world of 18th-century Naples, delving into the history, art, and tradition encapsulated in these miniature marvels. Join us on Tuesday, December 12 at 7 p.m. for this immersive experience, where the past comes alive on your screen, offering a rich understanding of both art and museum tradition.
Recorded Tuesday, December 12, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Owl Prowl
Join us from the comfort of your home as we travel 55 miles southeast of Pittsburgh to the beautiful woodlands of Powdermill Nature Reserve, home of The Powdermill Avian Research Center, also known as PARC. Over 60 years ago PARC took flight and has since become nationally known as one of the longest-running, year-round, professional bird banding operations in the country, celebrating a major milestone of banding 700,000 birds just a few years ago!
Close out the 2023 bird-banding season in the field with two of our wonderful Powdermill scientists, Annie Lindsay and Luke Degroote, while we learn more about the owls that call our region home. Get a behind-the-scenes look at Powdermill science in action as they search for our nocturnal yet bewitching feathered friends in this year’s Virtual Owl Prowl.
Recorded Friday, Nov. 17, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Star Party 2023
Fly to the far reaches of the galaxy to the stars over Pittsburgh at Carnegie Science Center’s Buhl Planetarium! This guided interstellar journey of the constellations found in the November night sky will surely delight, educate, and inspire members of all ages. The galaxy is ours in this Virtual Star Party!
Recorded Tuesday, Nov. 14, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    The Past, Present and Future of Our Anthropology Collection: A Discussion with the New Collection Manager
With over 100,000 objects from around the world, Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s ethnographic collections are a source of knowledge and inspiration. Becoming fully acquainted with the breadth of this collection can take a lifetime; a journey that its new Collection Manager, Kristina Gaugler, is excited to begin. Learn more about her background, as well as an introduction to some of the collection’s notable anthropological objects, the many new projects underway, and the vision for the future of the collection.
This zoom event is hosted by Carnegie Discoverers, whose members share a passion for discovery and adventure, and are enthusiastic supporters of Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
Recorded Thursday, Sept. 14, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: California Dreamers: Art Inspired by the West Coast
No travel is required to join the Carnegie Museum of Art docents as they take a journey out West to ‘Zoom In’ on the art and artists of California.
Whether native born or a transplant to The Golden State, many artists have collectively created an imaginative environment unique to the West Coast. Natural elements, built environments, and a diversity of lifestyles have all inspired innovative and experimental forays in a range of art media.
Recorded Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Portraits in the Collection
Portraits date back at least 5,000 years ago to ancient Egypt, where a painting or sculpture was the only way to record the appearance of a person. Since then, painting, sculpture, and photography have created a world where a human face can be represented in nearly any medium—from a block of wood to a monochrome photograph. Be it clay, metal, oil, a disposable camera, or the phone in your hand—the subject stays the same.
Join Lucy Stewart, Senior Manager of Lifelong Learning, as she ‘zooms in’ on portraiture within the Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection and illuminates the world of likenesses, visages, profiles, and “windows to the soul.”
Recorded Tuesday July11, 2023
WATCH VIDEO
Photo credits: Gertrude Kasebier, Portrait (Miss N.) (detail), 1903; John Singer Sargent, Portrait of a Boy (detail), 1890; Jean Metzinger, Man with Pipe (detail), ca. 1912, Gift of G. David Thompson © artist or artist’s estate / Licensed by Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York / ADAGP, Paris; Gertrude Kasebier, Portrait (Miss N.) (detail), 1903; Charles “Teenie” Harris, Charlene Foggie in light colored dress, standing next to jacquard chair, on her first birthday (detail), 1959.    The Art of Giving, According to Warhol
Andy Warhol: an American visual artist, film director, producer, originator of the pop art movement, and, importantly, a philanthropic visionary. In 1987, upon the unexpected passing of Warhol at 58, The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts was born from his will, dedicating nearly his entire estate to the cause of helping future generations of artists.
Join Donald Warhola, the Vice President and board member of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, on a deep dive into the influential work the Foundation does for museums around the world while preserving Warhol’s legacy through creative and responsible licensing policies and extensive scholarly research for ongoing cataloging projects.
Recorded Thursday May 25, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Mars Mythology
He is the God of war, Guardian of agriculture, Spring, fertility, virility, and bounteous nature. He is Mars. Mars—or as the Ancient Greeks originally called him, Ares—begins as the god of bloodshed, not widely admired (unsurprisingly) by his fellow Olympians or us Earthly mortals. However, once Rome comes about, Ares gets a rebrand to become Mars, the emblem of Rome’s military dominance and a symbol of its overall prosperity and success. Not all that dissimilar from how Mars the planet has transitioned from being the (imagined) home to hostile alien invaders to humankind’s (possible) new benefactor.
Join us for this exclusive and illuminating journey through mythology and history as we explore the many stories of Mars with Dr. Andrew Korzeniewski!
Recorded April 20, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Expedition Patagonia: A Welcome Home Wrap-Up
Join Carnegie Museums as we say “¡bienvenidos a casa!” to our amazing team of scientists for this online event open to all! Hear directly from Mary R. Dawson Associate Curator of Vertebrate Paleontology Dr. Matt Lamanna and Curatorial Assistant Linsly Church about the surprises, delights, and discoveries of their 3-week adventure in Patagonia. What fossils were unearthed? What were the “accommodations” like out in the field? What kinds of challenges did Mother Nature have in store for the team? Find out during this recap of our incredible journey.
Hadrosaurs, Titanosaurs, and Megaraptors (Oh, my!). Get the behind-the-scenes scoop on the expedition with a debrief and public Q&A featuring Dr. Matt Lamanna and Linsly Church.
Recorded March 28, 2023
WATCH VIDEO    Expedition Patagonia: What to Know Before We Go
Maybe you’ve heard the exciting news? Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Vertebrate Paleontology team is headed south for a fossil-filled expedition to the distant region of Patagonia. Learn about the “Who”, “What”, “Where” and “Why” of this incredible trip from Dr. Matt Lamanna and Linsly Church. You’ll also get the inside scoop on how to stay engaged with these scientists throughout their 3-week hunt for dinosaurs. We’ll then turn it over to our audience for all of your burning questions.
Recorded February 13, 2023
WATCH VIDEO
For more information about livestreams from Patagonia check out our Expedition Patagonia landing page.    Zoom In: Tea with King Tutankhamun at the Winter Palace Hotel
Many know parts of the story of the 1922 discovery of King Tutankhamun’s tomb in Egypt’s the Valley of the Kings. There was the thrill of discovery, the “glint of gold,” and the rumors of a mummy’s curse. There was, and still is, a lot of conflict surrounding the discovery itself. To whom did it belong? Where should the artifacts go? Who gets to decide? The fight for King Tutanhkamun’s tomb would be waged by European and American men in locales as humble as a tiny tomb in the earth and as opulent as the Winter Palace Hotel in nearby Luxor. Join Carnegie Museums and Dr. Kathleen Sheppard for this exclusive journey into the role of Egyptian hotels in the creation, manipulation, and dissemination of Egyptological knowledge!
Recorded January 19, 2023
WATCH VIDEO  2022 Recorded Events  When we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. Due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain.     Zoom In: The Neapolitan Presepio
Join Carnegie Museums from Home for our final virtual event of 2022 as we take a closer look at the Neapolitan Presepio. A centuries-old tradition in Naples and southern Italy, the presepio is an elaborate nativity scene recreated with miniature figures arranged in a detailed panorama of 18th-century life in Naples. Carnegie Museum of Art’s Curatorial Assistant of Decorative Arts and Design, Alyssa Velazquez, will guide us through the superbly modeled humans, animals, angelic figures, and architectural elements which have made this artwork a Pittsburgh holiday tradition since 1957.
Recorded Thursday, December 15
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.    Powdermill Owl Prowl
As the late autumn chill sets in the air and the nights grow longer still, it’s a fine time to celebrate our nocturnal feathered friends. We’re pleased to invite you to join Annie Lindsay and Lucas Degroote, two of our wonderful scientists at Powdermill Nature Reserve, for a one-of-a-kind Owl Prowl Event! Learn more about the wonderful owls that call our region home and get an exclusive behind-the-scenes peek at Powdermill science in action as Annie and Lucas search for these elusive and spellbinding birds in real time. No scarf or gloves required: you can take in this Zoom event right from the comforts of home!
Recorded Saturday, November 12
WATCH VIDEO    Biomechanics in Humans and Nature
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh invites you to join Kevin Hart, Ph.D. Analytical Method Development Scientist II at Cook MyoSite, and John Wible, Curator of Mammals at Carnegie Museum of Natural History as they uncover the astonishing complexities between the human body and the animal kingdom, featuring the wondrous exhibition Nature’s Amazing Machines, currently on view at Carnegie Museum of Natural History.
Recorded Thursday, October 27
WATCH VIDEO    Bigger, Stranger, and (Maybe) Scarier Than T. Rex: Meat-Eating Dinosaurs From the Southern Continents
Almost everyone knows about T. rex, but did you know that even larger and weirder carnivorous dinosaurs lived in the Southern Hemisphere continents at the same time? Learn all about this menacing menagerie of meat-eaters from Dr. Matt Lamanna, the dinosaur paleontologist at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Dr. Lamanna and his many collaborators have spent the past 24 years exploring the southern continents for dinosaur fossils, discovering lots of new species along the way. In the process, they’ve added to our understanding of the terrifying predators that called these continents home.
Recorded Thursday, October 20
WATCH VIDEO    Sip & Sketch with The Andy Warhol Museum
Join local artist and educator Emily Paige Armstrong from the comfort of your own home as you learn new drawing skills or build upon your own practice in this 90-minute life drawing class inspired by early works of Andy Warhol. In this event we will look at Warhol’s life drawing abilities and learn how to draw a seasonal bouquet from life—all while adding a Warholian twist. This event is for members of all ages at Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh as part of our Members Appreciation Week celebration.
Recorded Wednesday, October 19
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Backstory—Carnegie Internationals in Context
The 126-year history of the Carnegie International is just as complex as it is long. Discover pivotal moments in the exhibition’s history and the resulting impact on the building, on the city, and on our understanding of contemporary art.
Recorded Tuesday, September 13
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Alexander Calder’s, Pittsburgh, installed in the Grand Staircase at the 1958 Carnegie International. Current location: Pittsburgh International Airport.    From Egypt to Pittsburgh
Did you know 2022 marks the 100th anniversary of the excavation of Tutankhamun’s tomb? What better way to celebrate than with an in-depth dive into Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s upcoming exhibition, From Egypt to Pittsburgh? Join Assistant Curator, Lisa Saladino Haney, as she explores a group of objects from the site of Amarna—the ancient Egyptian capital city founded by Tutankhamun‘s father—and traces their journey into the museum‘s care. We can‘t wait to share From Egypt to Pittsburgh with you, so join us for this exclusive preview!
RecordedThursday, September 8
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Carnegie International – Then and Now
Established in 1896, the Carnegie International is the longest-running North American exhibition of international art. Organized every three to four years by Carnegie Museum of Art, the International presents an overview of how art and artists respond to the critical questions of our time. Join a talented team of docents for a closer look at the works of art displayed in Carnegie Internationals past and present. They’ll zoom in on the details in these contemporary masterpieces that you may otherwise miss in the galleries.
Recorded Tuesday, July 12
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Installation view of Alex Da Corte’s Rubber Pencil Devil, from the 57th Carnegie International at the Carnegie Museum of Art. Photo by Bryan Conley.    Musings of / My / Self / As Muse
Artist Talk with Maggie Mullin O’Hara
Maggie Mullin O’Hara is a multidisciplinary artist from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, currently based in Columbia, South Carolina. Her work exists as a hybrid form, borrowing from the mediums of video, photography, performance, and installation. She currently serves as Assistant Professor of Art in Photography within the Visual and Performing Arts Department at South Carolina State University. She has exhibited work both nationally and internationally.
Recorded Thursday, July 7
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Free Time – What’s Your Pleasure?
How do we wind down from the business of our lives? Fishing, picnics, mountain excursions, sewing, and hiking—each activity (among many others) has us looking forward to the weekend. But, what were the conditions that led workers to demand the creation of the “weekend?” How have people filled their hours with joy, relaxation, hobbies, and togetherness throughout history? Walkthrough time and media to discover how artists have captured relaxation and recreation through the years.
Recorded Tuesday, May 10
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Wayne Thiebaud, Boston Creams (detail), 1970 © Wayne Thiebaud / Licensed by Licensed by Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York.    Birdsafe: Beyond the Looking Glass
Smack! That’s the sound of a bird hitting a window—and you’ve probably heard it often. Collisions with windows cause millions of bird fatalities every year. But now there’s new hope for birds thanks to scientists at Powdermill Nature Reserve. Listen as our researchers Luke DeGroote and Jon Rice share their findings and efforts to make windows and Pittsburgh safer for birds.
Recorded Tuesday, April 26
WATCH VIDEO    Masters of Disguise: Unbecoming a Caterpillar
Flutter into spring with Kevin Keegan, the new Collection Manager of Invertebrate Zoology, as he shares his expertise on some of the amazing ways caterpillars camouflage themselves and mimic those around them in their environments to avoid an untimely demise, reach metamorphosis, and transform into the beautiful moths and butterflies we admire all season long!
Recorded Thursday, March 31
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Pivotal Women Artists
This virtual tour illustrates how a handful of gutsy women made their mark in a male dominated world and changed the course of modern art.
Recorded Tuesday, March 8
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Helen Frankenthaler, The Facade (detail), 1954, presumed copyright: the artist or the artist’s representative/heir(s) / Licensed by Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York.    The Irish Revolution in Pittsburgh
One hundred years ago, Ireland’s War of Independence helped end seven centuries of British rule. It also resulted in partition of the island and a civil war. About 14,000 Irish immigrants lived in Pittsburgh at the time, with tens of thousands more first-generation Irish Americans in the city and surrounding region. Journalist Mark Holan will explore their reactions to what was happening in their homeland, including the visits of Irish leaders to Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh native Mark Holan has researched and written about Irish history and contemporary events for over a decade. His work has appeared in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and Pittsburgh Quarterly magazine, in addition to other U.S. and Irish publications and websites, including his blog, markholan.org. Mark has presented original research at the American Conference of Irish Studies, the American Journalism Historians Association, and the Newspaper and Periodical History Forum of Ireland.
Recorded Thursday, February 17
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.    Zoom In: Light!
The first virtual members tour of 2022 features light, that which makes our world visible. Artists have always been attuned to light and its effects using light as subject matter, an artistic tool, and as a medium. Please join us for this illuminating look at the Carnegie Museum of Art’s Collection.
Recorded Tuesday, January 11
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Clyde Hare, Dawn Fog on the Ohio, 1983, William Talbott Hillman Fund for Photography © Clyde Hare.  2021 Recorded Events  When we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. Due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain.     Zoom In: The Neapolitan Presepio
This month’s member tour is getting an extra dash of holiday spirit and features a special guest from the Carnegie Museum of Art! Join Curatorial Assistant of Decorative Arts and Design Alyssa Velazquez as she dives into the museum’s exquisite, handcrafted exhibit – the Neapolitan Presepio. Find out why the presepio is one of the finest Nativity scenes of its kind and see some of the amazing details that has made this 18th century artwork a Pittsburgh holiday tradition since 1957.
Recorded Tuesday, December 7
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.    Virtual Star Party
‘Zoom’ through the constellations in this virtual tour of the cosmos with the staff of Carnegie Science Center’s Buhl Planetarium. Your expert guides will take you on an interstellar journey, from the far reaches of the galaxy to the stars over Pittsburgh. Specialized software will point the right way to the Pleiades star cluster and other wonders in the November night sky.
Recorded Tuesday, November 16
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Tour: Marisol and Warhol Take New York
This virtual tour focuses on the newest exhibition at The Andy Warhol Museum, Marisol and Warhol Take New York. Born in Paris to Venezuelan parents, Marisol (Maria Sol Escobar) held a central position in the New York art scene and American Pop movement. This presentation explores the artists’ parallel rises to success, the formation of their artistic personas, their savvy navigation of gallery relationships, and the blossoming of their early artistic practices from 1960 to 1968.
Recorded Monday, November 15
WATCH VIDEO
David McCabe, Andy Warhol and Marisol with the Empire State Building (detail), 1965,
The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.,
Photograph by David McCabe    Backpacking Bugs: An Insect’s Guide to Hitchhiking
Crawling, scurrying, buzzing, and…hitchhiking?! Our incredible Curator of Invertebrate Zoology, Ainsley Seago, made a big splash with her Zoom event on bug butts, and she’s back with another exciting, off-the-wall, and insightful look into the world of insect hitchhikers. What makes our fascinating insect neighbors hitch a ride on mammals (besides no access to taxis)? Where are these insect travelers headed? Do their mammal modes of transportation mind at all? Find out when you join us for bug-based humor and fascinating discoveries as we “Zoom” in on the wild and wonderful world of insect adventurers!
Recorded Friday, November 12
WATCH VIDEO    Drawing Workshop: Sketching Our Collection
Can the next great American artist be found in your family? Find out when you join teaching artist Joke Slagle in this exciting drawing workshop open to all ages and skillsets. All you need is any mark-making tool and drawing paper to join in on some simple and fun exercises while embarking on a colorful virtual tour of Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection.
Recorded Wednesday, November 10
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: When Darkness Falls
This virtual member tour explores artworks that address what happens when the sun goes down. Do you view evening as an escape or an opportunity? Are the dead of night hours a time of productivity, sweet dreams, insomnia, or fear for you? This unique look at Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection, presents artists’ various approaches to when darkness falls.
Recorded Tuesday, Nov. 9
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Aaron Henry Gorson, Pittsburgh at Night, ca. 1920    Uncovering Pompeii: New Insights From the Most Recent Excavations
New revelations about one of history’s most famous cities are right at your fingertips in this one-of-a-kind virtual event. Featuring unprecedented insights drawn from the most recent archaeological excavations, this presentation “Zooms” in on Pompeii to explore its urban planning and the everyday lives of the Pompeiian sub-elite.
Recorded Wednesday, October 27
WATCH VIDEO    A Very Andy Show and Tell with Donald Warhola
Interested in learning something new about Andy Warhol? Who better to ask than his nephew, Donald Warhola? Gain new insights into everything Warhol through a curated sampling of mementos, first-hand accounts, and beloved family stories. There’s always something to discover in the Wide World of Warhol!
Recorded Thursday, October 21
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: If Clothes Could Talk
Join us on Zoom for a tour of Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection as we explore the roles clothing and fashion play in the everyday, ceremonial, and creative parts of our lives. Take in the craftsmanship on display in dozens of stunning, one-of-a-kind pieces that are sure to get you thinking about the ways clothing shapes our world.
Recorded Sunday, October 10
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Iris van Herpen, Lucid, Dress, 2016, Women’s Committee Acquisition Fund and the Alan G. and Jane A. Lehman Acquisition Fund, Presumed copyright: the artist or the artist’s representative/heir(s).    Octopuses and Conches and Clams, Oh My!
Dive into the depths with Curator of Mollusks Tim Pearce and get acquainted with the fascinating mollusks that call the ocean home. You’ll meet a colorful variety of marine species including the intelligent octopus, the beautiful conch, and the hardy clam.
Recorded Wednesday, September 22
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Looking: In, Out, and Through
This virtual tour focuses on the ways we look at ourselves or the world through artworks that feature mirrors, windows, and doorways. A team of talented docents will Zoom In on the details you may otherwise miss in the galleries and share stories about both new and familiar artists.
Recorded Sunday, September 12
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Henry Moore, Reclining Figure, 1957, Gift of Mr. and Mrs. G. David Thompson, in memory of David © The Henry Moore Foundation    Charitable Gifting Strategies
You deserve the maximum benefit for your charitable donations, which is why we’ve partnered with Fort Pitt Capital Group. In just one sitting, you’ll learn everything you need to know about the ins and outs of charitable giving and little-known methods to optimize your contributions. Your generosity empowers Carnegie Museums; now let us return the favor!
Recorded Tuesday, September 7
WATCH VIDEO    This is Your Brain, This Is Your Brain on Money
Join Fort Pitt Capital and the Carnegie Science Center for an exploration of the human mind that will take you from Wall Street to the museum’s Bodyworks exhibition. Learn how your prefrontal cortex gets involved with making financial decisions, which common financial biases are just inherent survival instincts, and how science centers develop exhibits to teach visitors about the brain.
Recorded Thursday, August 12
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Travel Log
Travel logs are used by travelers to record their personal memories and experiences while having adventures abroad. Join a talented team of Carnegie Museum of Art docents for a virtual journey highlighting artists whose works tell stories about their international wanderings. They’ll zoom in on the details that you may otherwise miss in the galleries.
Recorded Sunday, August 8
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Godfrey Frankenstein, Niagara Falls from Goat Island, 1848, Paintings Acquisition Fund and gift of Dr. and Mrs. I. Golding, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Nussbaum, and Dr. and Mrs. John B. Talbott    Birds of a Feather: A Pittsburgh Bird Watcher’s Guide to Ancient Egypt
Calling all nature lovers and history buffs! Do you enjoy birdwatching? Are you fascinated with the wonders of ancient Egypt? If you answered “yes” to either question, join resident Egyptologist Lisa Haney and Powdermill’s Bird Banding Program Manager Annie Lindsay as they discuss the significance of birds in ancient Egyptian culture, and reveal where to spot their favorite species here in Pittsburgh.
Recorded Thursday, July 29
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Contemporary Conversations
This month’s virtual tour demystifies the complex and sometimes controversial nature of contemporary art. Join Carnegie Museum of Art’s talented team of docents as they look at earlier, more accessible works to help make sense of challenging contemporary pieces. They’ll zoom in on the details and uncover the richness of contemporary art.
Recorded Sunday, July 11
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Eugène Louis Boudin, Beach at Trouville (La Plage de Trouville), ca. 1885.    Virtual Q&A with The Search for Snow Director Jacqueline Farmer
Award-winning documentary producer and director Jacqueline Farmer will be live on Zoom to answer your questions about the making of the new film The Search for Snow, opening at Rangos Giant Cinema for members on July 2. Where was her favorite location to shoot? What was the inspiration behind this ambitious project? Bring all your burning questions about this frozen 3D documentary to this unique opportunity to chat with the creator.
Recorded Thursday, July 8
WATCH VIDEO    What is the Anthropocene and Why is Everyone Talking About It?
Our current geological time period—the Anthropocene—disrupts the idea that humans are separate from nature. Curator of Anthropocene Studies, Nicole Heller, is here to explain what the Anthropocene is and share some of her reflections on how it challenges long-standing practices and rhetoric in both conservation science and natural history.
Recorded Wednesday, June 30
WATCH VIDEO    Why Birds Matter: From Powdermill to the Tropics
From backyard cardinals to roaming albatrosses and sunbathing flamingos to snowbound penguins, birds have adapted to an incredible variety of habitats. Join Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Curator of Birds Chase Mendenhall for an in-depth look at our feathered friends and their many contributions to ecosystems near and far.
Recorded Thursday, June 24
WATCH VIDEO    Museums on a Mission: To the Moon, Mars, & Beyond!
This isn’t your ordinary virtual star party. Inspirational stories, breaking news updates, and a special welcome from Carnegie Science Center Director Jason Brown are also part of this night celebrating the new Buhl Planetarium. The cosmically talented planetarium staff is eagerly waiting to take you on a trip throughout the night sky and to the farthest reaches of the galaxy.
Recorded Thursday, June 17
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Crossroads Revisited
Crossroads mines our collection for stories that resonate today by highlighting the critical role of the artist in everyday life. This month’s virtual tour provides an overview of CMOA’s postwar and contemporary art galleries, and highlights one key work from each of the eight “chapters” that champion artist voices.
Recorded Sunday, June 13
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.    Extra, Extra Read All About It! Andy Warhol in the Headlines
To Donald Warhola he was just “Uncle Andy,” but to the rest of the world Andy Warhol was a larger-than-life celebrity artist. Warhol enjoyed a lot more than just “fifteen minutes of fame,” throughout his life, appearing in headlines and newspapers that touched on both his work and persona. From around the country, his family would share and receive these articles about their famous relative. Join Donald Warhola for a very Andy show-and-tell, as he dives into this unique time capsule of Andy Warhol in the headlines.
Recorded Wednesday, May 12
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: A Feast for the Eyes
Let the menu for this virtual experience whet your appetite for a visit to Carnegie Museum of Art. Whether you are a brunch aficionado or a late night snacker, this tour of appetizing art is sure to fill you up! Join the museum’s talented team of docents as they zoom in on the details and share stories of tantalizing masterpieces and take you on a culinary adventure including a satisfying brioche breakfast, a quaint picnic lunch, and a delicious family dinner. Bon appetit!
Recorded Sunday, May 9
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Levi W. Prentice, Still Life with Strawberries (detail), ca. 1890    From the Curator’s Desk: Marisol and Warhol Take New York
Travel back to the 1960’s with Milton Fine Curator of Art Jessica Beck as your tour guide. She’ll dive into the Andy Warhol Museum’s upcoming exhibition Marisol and Warhol Take New York, and share insider stories of what it takes to bring an art exhibition to life.
Recorded Thursday, April 29
WATCH VIDEO
David McCabe, Andy Warhol and Marisol with the Empire State Building (detail), 1965, The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc., Photograph by David McCabe    Party in the Rear: The Wild World of Bug Behinds
Bug-out with Curator of Invertebrate Zoology Ainsley Seago as she explores the colorful and creative ways bugs use their rear ends to track down meals, scare away enemies, and even find love.
Dr. Ainsley Seago studies the evolutionary history of beetles, and has used everything from rotting squid traps to synchrotron radiation to better understand them in all their glory.
Recorded Thursday, April 22
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Material Innovation
Artists are forward thinkers and innovators, pushing boundaries through both materials and content. Take a (virtual) walk through some of the biggest material shifts in art, as told by the CMOA Collection. Join the museum’s talented team of docents as they zoom in on the details and share stories of artistic pioneers and groundbreaking creations throughout history.
Recorded Sunday, April 11
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Enrico Baj, The Curious Couple (detail), 1956 © Enrico Baj    March Mammal Madness: The Final Round
Are you ready to rumble? Forget debates on which team has the better 3-point shooter or full-court press. Join Carnegie Museum of Natural History Curator of Mammals John Wible for an insider’s take on which mammal has what it takes to take home the 2021 March Mammal Madness championship trophy. Not familiar with this alternate tournament? Catch up on this internet sensation that hypothesizes the outcome of combat between mammals based on temperament, physiology, weaponry, running speed, fight style, and more.
Recorded Tuesday, March 30
WATCH VIDEO    Women in Science
In celebration of Women’s History Month, come meet some of Carnegie Museums’ inspiring women working in science. Hear lightning talks from Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Annie Lindsay (Bird Banding Manager), Jennifer Sheridan (Curator, Herpetology), Stevie Kennedy-Gold (Collections Manger, Herpetogy), Lisa Saladino Haney (Curator, Egyptology), and more, as they talk about their research and why science is just so cool!
Recorded Thursday, March 25
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: How Scandalous!?
Love affairs, arguments between artists, shootings, American history, oh my! Hear some juicy stories revealed through works in Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection. Join the museum’s talented team of docents as they zoom in on the details and unearth the scandalous secrets that add dashes of drama and intrigue to the galleries.
Recorded Sunday, March 14
WATCH VIDEO
Closed-captioning is available for this video by clicking ‘CC’ on the bottom right of the video.
Edwin Austin Abbey, The Penance of Eleanor, Duchess of Gloucester, 1900    Fireside Chat with Curator of Historic Exhibits Patty Everly
If you’re among the throngs who have marveled at Carnegie Science Center’s Miniature Railroad & Village, then you may know that each year a new model is unveiled. In 2020, Curator of Historic Exhibits Patty Everly helped to honor the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment by creating a miniature model of Daisy Lampkin’s home on 2519 Webster Avenue in the Hill District. Lampkin was an unwavering force within the Civil Rights and woman’s suffrage movements, and called Pittsburgh home for most of her adult life. Join Everly for a fireside chat as she explores Lampkin’s incredible legacy. She’ll also share insights into the technical and creative process behind bringing these historic landmarks to life each year.
Recorded Thursday, February 25
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Types of Love
Love comes in many forms. Explore what makes your heart beat as we celebrate the visual language of love. This virtual experience explores relationships between family, friends, spouses, lovers, and even pets and their humans through artworks from Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection. Enjoy a close-up look at artworks and learn some of the stories they tell. We can’t think of a better way to celebrate Valentine’s Day, so grab a loved one, a furry friend, or just a decadent box of chocolates and zoom in on the details!
Recorded Sunday, February 14
WATCH VIDEO
Benjamin West, Venus Lamenting the Death of Adonis, 1768    Standing Up for Change: African American Women and the Civil Rights Movement
In our latest virtual pairing, on two different days, we partner with the National Women’s History Museum and Carnegie Science Center to celebrate stories of African American women and their incredible contributions to the Civil Rights and women’s suffrage movements. On February 10, join Emma Rothberg, National Women’s History Museum Predoctoral Fellow in Gender Studies, for a virtual walk-through of the museum’s popular online exhibition Standing Up for Change: African American Women and the Civil Rights Movement. Through photographs and archival material, learn more about the grassroots leaders who challenged America to embrace justice and equality for all.
Recorded Wednesday, February 10
WATCH VIDEO    Warhol’s Magic Purse: The Philanthropy of a Pop Art Icon
Join Andy Warhol’s nephew Donald Warhola as he explores the generosity of his famous Pop artist uncle. Hear the story behind the “Magic Purse” and how Andy Warhol’s mother Julia planted the seed of giving early in his life. Donald Warhola will share personal anecdotes of Andy Warhol’s quiet but impactful acts of philanthropy over the decades, then dive into one of the greatest components of his legacy, the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts.
Recorded Thursday, January 28
WATCH VIDEO    A Virtual Introduction: Meet the Curator of the 58th Carnegie International: Sohrab Mohebbi
Learn about Sohrab’s ideas for making the Carnegie International a “document of its time,” how he conducts research in the middle of a pandemic, and what his plans are for spreading art and programming throughout the city. If you have ever been curious about the collaborative and interdisciplinary undertaking of the Carnegie International, then you won’t want to miss this event!
Recorded Thursday, January 21
WATCH VIDEO    Scientists Who Rock: Meet the new Dynamic Duo in Minerals and Earth Sciences
Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Section of Minerals and Earth Sciences consists of 30,000 specimens dating back to the 19th Century. Get to know the two incredible scientists tasked with stewarding this collection, as well as answering all-important questions about the environment. Assistant Curator of Minerals Travis Olds, a mineralogist, crystallographer, and materials scientist, and Assistant Curator of Earth Sciences Carla Rosenfeld, an environmental biogeochemist are joining forces here in Pittsburgh to better understand the impact of human activity. Hear more about their research, past and present, and why they’re excited to join the Carnegie Museum’s team.
Recorded Wednesday, January 20
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Ring in the New!
It’s a new year and we have new art! Don’t miss this monthly member tour highlighting artwork new to the Carnegie Museum of Art collection or recently installed in our galleries. Although they could not be more different when it comes to subject matter and artistic expression, all of these works call CMOA home. Join the museum’s talented team of docents will zoom in on the details and tease out the stories that make these works important and exciting additions to our collection.
Recorded Sunday, January 10
WATCH VIDEO
 Cy Gavin, Untitled (Gibbet Island), 2019, purchase, gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard M. Scaife © Cy Gavin  2020 Recorded Events  When we’re able, we’re recording virtual content created just for members. Due to copyright restrictions, we’re unable to record virtual events that show artworks not in the public domain.     Zoom In: The Neapolitan Presepio
This month’s member tour is getting an extra dash of holiday spirit and features a special guest from the Carnegie Museum of Art! Join The Alan G. and Jane A. Lehman Curator of Decorative Arts and Design Rachel Delphia as she dives into the museum’s exquisite, handcrafted exhibit – the Neapolitan presepio. Find out why the presepio is one of the finest Nativity scenes of its kind and see some of the amazing details that has made this 18th century artwork a Pittsburgh holiday tradition since 1957.
Recorded Sunday, December 13
The 2020–2021 presentation of the Neapolitan Presepio is supported by DeLallo
WATCH VIDEO    Drawing Workshop: Sketching our Collection, Patterns
Gather the whole family together and discover who among you is the most likely to be the next Van Gogh. Teaching artist Joke Slagle has designed this drawing workshop for all ages and experience levels. Start out with some simple and fun warm-up exercises, then go on a virtual tour of the galleries,  stopping at various objects to collect pattern swatches. Then combine your favorites, and create your own pattern for a piece of furniture.
Recorded Monday, November 16, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Star Party
Journey through the constellations on a digital tour of the cosmos with the staff of Carnegie Science Center’s Buhl Planetarium. Science Educators Mike Hennessy and Charissa Sedor will be your guides as you look up and gaze at the Stars Over Pittsburgh. Specialized software will point the way to the Pleiades star cluster and other wonders in the November night sky. You’ll also hear the inside scoop about the exciting new updates taking place in the planetarium you know and love.
Recorded Saturday, November 14, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Live Animal Show
Carnegie Museum of Natural History is home to a variety of animal ambassadors. Meet some of these amazing feathered, furry, and scaly creatures during a virtual live animal encounter just for members. Educators will introduce you to different members of the museum’s living collection, while highlighting interesting behaviors, wildlife habitats, and exciting scientific studies.
Recorded Friday, November 13, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Drawing Workshop: Sketching our Collection, Sculpture
Gather the whole family together and discover who among you is most likely to be the next Van Gogh. Carnegie Museum of Art teaching artist Joke Slagle has designed this drawing workshop for all ages and experience levels. Start out with some simple and fun warm-up exercises, then create a few close observation drawings of sculptures from different time periods in the museum’s collection. All you need is your favorite “mark-making tool” and paper.
Recorded Thursday, November 12, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    The African Chronicles Series: Nairobi, Kenya with Giraffe Manor
Join us on a trip to Kenya without leaving the comfort of home. Siobhan Byrne Learat, Founder & CEO of Adams & Butler – Private Luxury Travel will take you on a virtual travelogue featuring The African Chronicles Series: Kenya with Giraffe Manor. Discover why Kenya is regarded as the quintessential safari destination through visits to Maasai Mara National Reserve, Segera Ranch and Retreat, The Elephant Orphanage and The Karen Bixen Museum.
Recorded Wednesday, November 11, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Andy Warhol: In Remembrance
Buried at St. John the Baptist Byzantine Catholic Cemetery in Bethel Park, Andy Warhol’s resting place is a pilgrimage site for the many inspired by his life and work. Join Warhol’s nephew, Donald Warhola, and artist Madelyn Roehrig, to learn about how the pop art icon’s gravesite became a frequent destination for his fans. From Chanel perfume bottles to Coca Cola bottles to Campbell soup cans, visitors have transformed an unassuming grave into a shrine for a world-renown artist.
Recorded Wednesday, November 11, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Q&A with Curator of Mollusks, Tim Pearce
Tim Pearce has loved mollusks since he was a child, transporting a collection of snails around in a cottage cheese carton at the age of three. Now he’s the head of the section of mollusks at Carnegie Museum of Natural History, a collection made up of about 1.4 million specimens. The social media “shell-ebrity” himself will be at your service with a joke or two, and answers to your questions about snails, octopi, clams, and more!
Recorded Tuesday, November 10, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Teacher Artists – Artist Teachers
Join Carnegie Museum of Art for a virtual collection tour honoring teachers who had careers as artists, as well as artists who were incredible teachers and mentors. The museum’s talented team of docents will Zoom in on the details that you may overlook in the gallery and share the colorful stories behind some incredible artists.
Recorded Monday, November 8, 2020
WATCH VIDEO
Raymond Simboli, Self-Portrait (detail), c. 1929, Gift of Mabel Tito Simboli in memory of Raymond Simboli    Black Cats, Vampire Bats, Spiny Rats, and Devils: The Mammals of Halloween
Forget the tricks and treat yourself to some science this Halloween! Join Curator of Mammals John Wible as he delves into a spooky ensemble of creatures from around the world. After hearing stories about these nocturnal felines, nefarious flying mammals, and devilish characters from Down Under, it will be clear why they all connect to the creepiest of holidays.
Recorded Thursday, October 29, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Museums on a Mission: Learning at The Warhol
Join members of The Andy Warhol Museum’s Learning team for a virtual tour, a live printmaking demonstration, and an immersive look at innovative programs and creative strategies that have kept audiences near and far engaged and inspired during the COVID-19 pandemic. Take advantage of a special offer to purchase a T-shirt, a custom silkscreen print or art box, and more!
Recorded Monday, October 12, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Into the Woods: Object, Idea & Material
Throughout time artists have sourced trees as their inspiration, subject matter, and medium. Join the CMOA for a virtual tour of the collection exploring wood as an artistic resource The museum’s talented team of docents will zoom in on the details that you may overlook in the gallery.
Recorded Sunday, October 11, 2020
WATCH VIDEO
Paul Cézanne, Landscape Near Aix, The Plain of the Arc River, 1892-1895    Toxicology: The Myths and Legends Behind the Science
What do Vikings, werewolves, and Van Gogh all have in common? They’re all connected to the deadly world of poisons. Find out how, by joining Dr. Derek Fikse, Emergency Medicine and Medical Toxicology Fellow as he explores the myths and legends behind the field of toxicology using a cast of familiar characters.
Recorded Thursday, October 8, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Poisonous Plants and Deadly Animals
Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Curator of Botany Mason Heberling, Curator of Invertebrate Zoology Ainsley Seago, and Curator of Herpetology Jen Sheridan, are here to give you the scoop on the plants you do not want to eat, the insects you should best avoid, and the amphibians & reptiles who pack a poisonous (or venomous) punch. Bring your questions for these three incredible scientists!
Recorded September 24, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: A Pittsburgh Staycation
Forget the pina colada and the palm trees, and vacation with Carnegie Museum of Art right here in “The Burgh”. You bring the perogies and we’ll provide a virtual tour featuring art and artists with a strong connection to our hometown. We promise “yinz” will have a wonderful time!
Recorded September 13, 2020
WATCH VIDEO
Duane Michals, A Gursky Gherkin is Just a Very Large Pickle, 2001, The Henry L. Hillman Fund © Duane Michals. By permission;    Absolute Julia Warhola: The Life and Influence of Andy Warhol’s Mother
A Carpatho-Rusyn immigrant, Julia Warhola lived with her son Andy for most of his life. Join Andy Warhol’s nephew Donald Warhola and author Elaine Rusinko, as they share insights and swap personal stories about the incredible woman who helped shape the art and persona of one of the greatest American artists.
Recorded September 3, 2020
WATCH VIDEO
Photo credit: Unknown, Warhola Family, 1946–1947, The Andy Warhol Museum, Pittsburgh, Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.    Journey Through Ancient Egypt
Meet Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s new curator, Lisa Saladino Haney. Dr. Haney is an expert on Egyptian art and archaeology, particularly that of Egypt’s Middle Kingdom (c. 2030–1650 BCE). She looks forward to discussing her work in Egypt, her current research, and her role in the museum’s new permanent exhibition, Egypt on the Nile, which is currently in development.
Recorded August 13, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Women Artists
It’s time for another monthly member tour with Carnegie Museum of Art! This month, the museum is celebrating the many contributions women have made to the world of art. Join the museum’s talented team of docents for a virtual tour of the collection featuring works by some incredible female artists. They’ll zoom in on the details that you might overlook in the gallery, and share the colorful stories behind these masterpieces.
Recorded August 9, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    The Paleopathology of South American Mummies
Journey to the southern hemisphere with Dr. Peter Gerszten, the Peter E. Sheptak Professor of Neurological Surgery at University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. He’ll introduce you to the field of paleopathology, the methods employed to study the diseases of ancient remains, and the medical findings of those who lived thousands of years ago in South America.
Recorded August 6, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Café Sci: The Button Wall
Learn about what it took to create the Science Center’s fan-favorite attraction with the museum’s head of mechatronics, Doug DeHaven. Through interactive prototyping and visitor testing, explore how the wall can control powerful thunderstorms, make a submarine dive deep underwater, and deploy cascades of tomatoes all through the fingertips (and imaginations) of early learners.
Recorded August 3, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Donor Event*: A Deep Dive into H2Oh!
Join Manager of Animals and Habitats Carla Littleton and Director of Exhibits Dennis Bateman on a virtual behind-the-scenes tour of Carnegie Science Center’s fresh-water science gallery, H2Oh!. Dennis will share the early design concepts that eventually became the experience you enjoy today, while Carla will take you into the Field Station to meet some of her favorite aquatic residents.
Recorded July 30, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: A Sense of Place
Tune in for a virtual tour featuring works of art from Carnegie Museum of Art’s expansive collection. One of the museum’s talented docents will be zooming in on the details, giving you the kind of closer look at masterpieces that you couldn’t get in the galleries.
Recorded July 12, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Some Good News from the Age of Dinosaurs
In honor of the opening the temporary exhibition Dinosaur Armor, tune in to hear Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Matt Lamanna discuss some of his and his collaborators’ latest exciting discoveries from the world of dinosaurs. Afterward, Dr. Lamanna will take your questions about all things paleontological!
Recorded July 11, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    “The Charlie Chaplin Live Picture Show” with pianist Tom Roberts
Join the Carnegie Science Center and pianist Tom Roberts for a night of live music and silent films. In the spirit of Chaplin’s incredible legacy, listen to Robert’s original arrangements performed live against Chaplin’s films. Roberts has played everywhere from New York’s Carnegie Hall and the Tonight Show to the major jazz clubs in the French Quarter.
Recorded July 9, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Hummingbirds, Bees, and Coffee:
The Consequences of Deforestation in the Tropics
Join Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Curator of Birds Chase Mendenhall to find out how deforestation in the tropics is impacting pollinators such as hummingbirds and bees. Sip on your own cup of coffee while learning about the benefits of climate-friendly coffee farming for local fauna.
Recorded June 20, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    A Very Andy Show-and-Tell with Donald Warhola
Andy Warhol was an artist with global fame and celebrities for friends, but to Donald Warhola he was always just “Uncle Andy.” Donald frequently visited his uncle in New York City, and is excited to host a show and tell of a selection of items Warhol gave him on those trips. This is a special opportunity to learn about a side of Warhol most never got to see.
Recorded June 18, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Zoom In: Artist Self-Portraits
Join Carnegie Museum of Art for a virtual collection tour highlighting artists’ depictions of themselves. Zoom in on details that reflect both public and private aspects of their lives and personalities.
Recorded June 14, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Star Party
Join us for a digital tour of the cosmos with the staff of Carnegie Science Center’s Buhl Planetarium. Explore the constellations of the summer night sky then travel to the Red Planet and preview the Mars 2020 Perseverance Rover Mission, launching in July!
Recorded June 12, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    What Happens in the Life of a Tree
Join Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Director of Science Rose-Marie Muzika to learn all about the art and science of dendrochronology (the study of tree rings). She explains how scientists use tree rings to understand what was happening locally or globally, recently or thousands of years ago.
Recorded May 30, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    All Aboard! The Miniature Railroad & Village Through the Years
The Miniature Railroad & Village is turning 100 this year. Patty Everly, curator of historic exhibits at the Science Center, shares the beloved exhibit’s unique history and some of her favorite memories as its expert caretaker.
WATCH VIDEO    All About Salamanders!
Carnegie Science Center is giving members a sneak preview! Go behind the scenes with resident salamanders and Animal and Habitat Specialist Carla Littleton. After watching the video, join Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Assistant Curator of Amphibians and Reptiles Jen Sheridan for a live Q&A. Good luck stumping her!
Recorded May 27, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Inner Circles Event*: A Curator’s Guide to Working From Home
Tune in at 5:30 p.m. for a special happy half-hour with art critic Blake Gopnik. His new biography Warhol is the product of extensive research in The Warhol archives. Afterwards, Milton Fine Curator of Art Jessica Beck will give you the scoop on her current research on Andy Warhol and share what it’s like to create an exhibition from home.
Recorded May 21, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Virtual Collection Tour: Zoom in on the Details
Do you miss our monthly member tours at Carnegie Museum of Art? We do, too! Join one of their talented docents on a virtual tour of the collection, and get reacquainted with some of your favorite works of art.
Recorded May 17, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Everything Wrong with Jurassic Park
Is a T-rex’s vision based on movement? Were velociraptors really that deadly? Matt Lamanna, Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s very own dinosaur hunter, is here to give you the facts and tell you about his current research.
Recorded on May 16, 2020
WATCH VIDEO    Secrets Behind the Science Center’s Flip Clock
Join Mechatronics Engineer Doug DeHaven on a journey from design to construction of the largest binary flip clock every created. Learn how all the letters in STEAM were used to bring this project to life. Recorded on May 6, 2020
WATCH VIDEO   

   Claude Oscar Monet , Water Lilies (Nymphéas), c. 1915 - 1926, Carnegie Museum of Art; Acquired through the generosity of Mrs. Alan M. Scaife 
Contact Us   About Us>Contact Us   Museum Addresses and Phone Numbers:
See our Plan a Visit page
Accessibility Needs:
Visit our Accessibility page
Media Inquiries:
Visit our Press Room
Job Opportunities:
Visit our Careers page
Website issues:
Email: web@carnegiemuseums.org
990 Financial Report: 
Email: cfo@carnegiemuseums.org
Membership (including change of address):
 Call: 412.622.3314
Email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org
Ways to Give:
Email: donorrelations@carnegiemuseums.org
Donation Requests:
Learn more about our membership donation process.
Carnegie magazine:
Call: 412.622.3395
Email: carnegiemagazine@carnegiemuseums.org   Follow Us   
   

 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  Carnegie magazine Archive  We’ve been publishing the amazing stories of Carnegie Museums since 1927. Originally titled the Bulletin of the Carnegie Institute, today’s Carnegie magazine is delivered quarterly and brings the wonder, fun, and creativity of the four Carnegie Museums to the doorsteps of our 35,000 member and donor households.
The magazine office and Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh maintain a complete archive dating back to 1927. An online archive is available starting in 1996. For inquiries, contact carnegiemagazine@carnegiemuseums.org.  
Fall 2024   Summer 2024   Spring 2024   Winter 2023   Fall 2023   Summer 2023   Spring 2023   Winter 2022   Fall 2022   Summer 2022   Spring 2022   Winter 2021   Fall 2021   Summer 2021   Spring 2021   Winter 2020   Fall 2020   Summer 2020   Spring 2020   Winter 2019   Fall 2019   Summer 2019   Spring 2019   Winter 2018   Fall 2018   Summer 2018   Spring 2018   Winter 2017   Fall 2017   Summer 2017   Spring 2017  
Past Issues 
2016                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2015                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2014                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2013                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2012                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2011                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2010                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2009                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2008                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2007                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2006                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2005                        Spring
                                            Summer
                                            Fall
                                            Winter
                      
2004                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
2003                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
2002                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
2001                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
2000                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
1999                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
1998                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
1997                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                      
1996                        Jan/Feb
                                            Mar/Apr
                                            May/Jun
                                            Jul/Aug
                                            Sep/Oct
                                            Nov/Dec
                        
    
About Us 
There’s no cultural organization in the world quite like Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. With a legacy of discovery and outreach dating back to 1895, today we are a family of four diverse, dynamic museums: Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. We’re committed to being inclusive, both on-site and online, and to exploring with our audiences the big ideas and issues of our time.
Our mission: To preserve and expand the resources of art and science as agents of personal growth and social advancement in Pittsburgh and beyond.
Our Core Values.
Our Vision for Impact.
Copies of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh’s Federal IRS form 990 and audited financial statements are available upon request.      Our History  Check out some fascinating highlights from 1895 to today.    Our Museums  Each of the four Carnegie Museums has its own distinct personality and incredible experiences to offer.    Our Impact  As the largest and most far-reaching cultural organization in the Pittsburgh region, each year Carnegie Museums serves 1.5 million people, including more than 249,000 schoolchildren.   Our Leaders  Our example as a cultural leader and champion of the Pittsburgh region starts at the top.   Opportunities  As the region’s largest cultural organization, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh offers opportunities to make a difference in southwestern Pennsylvania and beyond.   Contact Us  We'd love to hear from you.  
    
A Free Membership Just for Teens   Join & Support>Membership>A Free Membership Just for Teens   Tour, explore, and more!
Teen Membership is a free pass to exploration and discovery available to all teens 13–18 years old who are residents of Pennsylvania. From youth artmaking to teen science challenges, the four Carnegie Museums provide so many creative ways for teens to connect with each other and their world—and, most importantly, to find their own voice.
Teen members enjoy*:
+ FREE general admission to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum
+ Invitations to events and programming designed just for teen members
+ FREE reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers
+ Discounts on classes, camps, educational films at the Rangos Giant Cinema, laser shows, lectures, and special events
+ A 10% discount in museum stores and cafes (20% store discount during Member Shopping Days)
*Teen membership benefits are valid for one named teen per membership. Teen membership benefits do not extend to parents, guardians, caregivers, household members, or additional guests.
JOIN ONLINE TODAY!
Or, complete the Teen Membership Application and return it to any of the four Carnegie Museumsor mail to:Carnegie Museums of PittsburghATTN: Membership4400 Forbes AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15213
Teen Membership is generously supported by The Grable Foundation and the Robert and Mary Weisbrod Foundation Community Access Membership is presented by and supported by Giant Eagle Foundation Terms of Use for Teen Memberships
Teen Memberships are not valid for school field trips, group sales, or group visits.Other restrictions may apply. *To qualify for the Teen Membership Program, applicants must be between 13-18 years of age and a resident of the state of Pennsylvania. For teens under 18 years old, parents or legal guardians must give consent. Teen membership benefits are valid for one named teen per membership. Teen membership benefits do not extend to parents, guardians, caregivers, household members, or additional guests. Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh reserves the right to cancel any Teen Membership, Family Access Membership or Organizational Access Membership should an applicant submit incomplete or false information. 
Upcoming Teen Events 
Youth Art Initiative
Carnegie Museum of Art
Ongoing
Free for teens ages 14-19! Includes museum admission.
Youth Art Initiative (YAI) is a museum advisory group focused on the engagement, advancement, and support of local Pittsburgh-area teens. Members collaborate with museum staff to plan their own Carnegie Museum of Art programs and events, and can also meet with and learn from a wide range of museum professionals and working artists.
REGISTER NOW     
    
Plan a Visit 
Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History
ADDRESS:
4400 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
412.622.3131 HOURS:
Mon., Wed., Fri.-Sun. 10 a.m.–5 p.m.
Thurs.: 10 a.m.–8 p.m.;
Closed Tuesdays HOLIDAYS/CLOSINGS:
The museums are closed on Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year’s Day. Closing at 3 p.m. on Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve. Open Tuesday Dec. 26.
ADMISSION:
Plan your next visit with timed ticketing.
Adults: $25
Seniors (65+): $20
Students with ID/Children age 3–18: $15
Members/Children 2 and under: Free
Weekdays after 3 p.m.: Half-price admission
SPECIAL OFFERS:
See discounts and offers for active U.S. Military, students, teachers, and more. 
PARKING:
The parking lot is located directly behind the museum and may be accessed from the intersection of Forbes Avenue and South Craig Street. Cash and credit cards are accepted at pay stations, and credit cards only are accepted at the parking lot exit lanes. 
DINING:
Café Carnegie is open for on-site dining or for takeout on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from 11 a.m.-3 p.m., Thursday 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. and the Coffee and Wine Bar is open Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from 9a.m.-5 p.m., Thursday 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Fossil Fuels is open Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Tuesday 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., Saturday, Sunday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
ACCESSIBILITY: The museums are continually working to make programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors.  Carnegie Science Center
ADDRESS:
One Allegheny Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15212
412.237.3400
HOURS:
Open Daily 10 a.m.–5 p.m.;
Closed Tuesdays
CLOSINGS/HOLIDAYS:
Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas, and dates of home Steelers games and other major events at Acrisure Stadium. See the Science Center’s Museum Hours  page for complete details. ADMISSION:
Plan your next visit with timed ticketing.
See pricing. SPECIAL OFFERS:
See discounts and offers.
PARKING:
$6 per vehicle. You can use the pay station to pay for parking at the beginning of your visit, as you are leaving, or any time in between. 
DINING:
The River View Café is open from 10 a.m.-3 p.m.
ACCESSIBILITY:
The museums are continually working to make programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors.   
 
Carnegie Museums Visitor Conduct Policy  The Andy Warhol Museum
ADDRESS:
117 Sandusky Street
Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5890
412.237.8300 HOURS:
Mon., Wed., Thurs., Sat., Sun. 10 a.m.–5 p.m.
Fri. 10 a.m.–10 p.m. (half price 5–10 p.m.)
Closed Tuesdays HOLIDAYS/CLOSINGS:
The museum is closed on Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year’s Day. Closing at 3 p.m. on Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve. Open Tuesday De. 26.
ADMISSION:
Plan your next visit with timed ticketing. Adults: $25
Students with valid ID: $13
Seniors (65+): $13
Children (3-18): $13
Members/Children 2 and under: Free
Fridays 5–10 p.m.: Half-price admission
SPECIAL OFFERS:
Half-priced admission from 5–10 p.m. every Friday. See additional discounts and offers.
PARKING:
Museum parking is located one block north of the museum on Sandusky Street ($8). Additional public parking is available behind the museum in the General Robinson Street parking garage (average $6, prices may vary during nearby stadium events).
DINING:
The Warhol Café is open during museum hours and accessible without museum admission.
ACCESSIBILITY:
The museums are committed to providing excellent experiences for all visitors. Learn more about accessibility accommodations.   
    
View Our Exhibitions 
Where else can you see dinosaurs AND the art of Andy Warhol? Toss in a World War II submarine, original Monets and Degas, life-size casts of some of the world’s great architecture, and two of the largest displays of robots and the science of sports on the planet. And that’s just what makes us permanently interesting. Our museums also create and host dozens of special exhibitions each year.      
Carnegie Museum of Art  Canvasing the world’s art right here in Pittsburgh.   Carnegie Museum of Natural History  Dinosaurs. Lions, tigers, and bears. And Egyptian mummies, too.   Carnegie Science Center  Where science and technology connect with everyday life.   The Andy Warhol Museum  Where the world comes to see and learn about Andy.    
More Things to Do   
Nights at the Museums 
Nights at the Museums
Sleepovers, adults-only fun, stargazing, and more!    Learn With Us 
Learn With Us
From curious preschoolers to art-loving great-grandparents and every age and interest in between, Carnegie Museums is the destination for lifelong learning.     Explore Our Collections 
Explore Our Collections
Some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.    Carnegie Museums From Home 
Carnegie Museums From Home
Your museums are here for you. We have so many creative resources you can access anytime, anywhere.    
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   
Photo: Joshua Franzos   The Dinosaur that Changed the World
Dippy continues to fascinate the public 125 years after it arrived at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. 
By Jason Bittel  Featured Stories ArtCommunityThe Inclusive Museum   Everybody’s welcome on this dance floor
Now more than ever, The Andy Warhol Museum’s annual LGBTQ+ Youth Prom provides a space of connection and community.
Story by Nichole Faina; Photos by Stephanie Strasburg 
ArtCommunityThe Inclusive Museum   A Living Archive
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.
By B. Denise Hawkins   
ArtWarhol   A Feminine Force
Women and femmes, integral in the making of Andy Warhol, take center stage.     
By Cristina Rouvalis 
Science & Nature   A Knotty Conversation
Botanists at Carnegie Museum of Natural History are researching new ways to discuss invasive plants.      
By Chris Fleisher 
STEMWhere Art & Science Meet   The STEM of Animation
The new Pixar exhibition at Carnegie Science Center offers insights into how the animation studio created some of its most iconic films.
By Barbara Klein 
Science & Nature   A Martian Garden Comes Alive
Edible plants grown as part of the Science Center’s Mars exhibition inspire ideas for sustainably producing healthy food in challenging environments. 
By Sally Quinn  
Current Issue   
Receive more stories in your email
Sign up 
Science & Nature  
“We’re living the climate change right now.” Rural communities in western Pennsylvania are suffering the effects of increasingly extreme weather and other consequences of a warming world. Carnegie Museum of Natural History hopes to help connect those seeking solutions.
By Jason Bittel 
Art  
A Maverick with a Camera A new exhibition puts a spotlight on photographer Gordon Parks’ little-known images—at once gritty and beautiful—of industrial life in 1940s Pittsburgh.
By Jennifer Davis  
ArtNatural HistoryScienceWarhol  
Being Social A lifeline for museums during the COVID lockdown, social media is becoming even more essential to reaching new audiences now. 
By Barbara Klein        
Big Picture 
SPRINGTIME AT POWDERMILL will no doubt attract nature lovers eager far and wide. The bucolic Nature Center welcomes visitors year-round who come to the Laurel Highlands nature reserve to learn more about the natural world and enjoy Powdermill’s scenic trails. Summer campers will be returning this June.     Face Time   Hope Gillespie 
There’s a movie poster of Harrison Ford’s iconic character Indiana Jones fixed to Hope Gillespie’s office wall at Carnegie Science Center. It is there for professional inspiration as much as workplace decor. “I cannot overstate the influence Indiana Jones has had on my life,” says Gillespie, who is the museum experiences officer at the Science Center. The film franchise piqued her interest in archaeology—she holds a bachelor’s degree in archaeology from The George Washington University and a master’s degree in the discipline from University College London. But she also just loves the character’s catchphrase about artifacts—“It belongs in a museum”—that informs her work to this day. Since joining the Science Center in 2021, Gillespie has put her archaeology background to use by spending months researching upcoming exhibitions. Her work ranges from studying delicate waterlogged objects in TITANIC: The Artifact Exhibition, the blockbuster exhibition that closed in April, to researching the process of animation for The Science Behind Pixar, which opened May 25. Gillespie trains staff and produces supplementary materials to enhance exhibitions. She also spends a lot of time answering visitors’ questions, which is the part of her job she loves most. “I love teaching,” Gillespie says. “I didn’t think that informal education was my superpower until I started to do it.”     Gina Winstead   Marcus Harshaw   Gretchen Baker        Trương Công Tùng, installation view of the state of absence—voices from outside, 2020, in the 58th Carnegie International, Courtesy of the artist and Carnegie Museum of Art.
Photo: Sean Eaton 
Inside the Museums 
Conservators play a critical role in not only the preservation of art but also its creation. They are partners with artists to realize their vision, even as they are stewards of it and the museum where it will be exhibited.   
   
Through Jan. 12, 2025  
Erin Jane Nelson, <em>Pseudofloral detonator</em> (detail), 2023; © Erin Jane Nelson. Courtesy of the artist and Chapter NY, New York; Sky Hopinka, <em>Cowboy Mouth 2 (Yoiréreginagere)</em>, 2022; © Sky Hopinka. Courtesy of the artist; Xaviera Simmons, <em>Sundown (Number Two)</em>, detail, 2018; © Xaviera Simmons. Courtesy of the artist and David Castillo, Miami                    Widening the Lens: Photography, Ecology, and the Contemporary Landscape
               
Through Jan. 12, 2025 
              Photography has dramatically altered our access to, understanding of, and impact on the natural world. Widening the Lens: Photography, Ecology, and the Contemporary Landscape features nearly 100 works by 19 different artists with multiple museum premieres and new commissions, this exhibition invites you to reconsider your relationship to the environment and understand how photography helps envision alternative paths forward.
                 Ongoing    
                  Envisioning a Just Pittsburgh 2024: Call for Submissions
                 
                The Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, and the University of Pittsburgh are delighted to announce a call for submissions for the second-annual “Envisioning A Just Pittsburgh” initiative. This project harnesses the power of art to imagine and advocate for a more equitable and inclusive future for the Pittsburgh region. Artists are invited to submit their work by October 20, 2024.
                  
Through March 9, 2025    
                  More than 80 ancient Egyptian objects
                 
                   ry Egyptian object in the museum’s care has stories to tell, about its creation and original use, its journey to Pittsburgh, and about the lives of those in ancient Egypt. The Stories We Keep invites visitors to see these objects—cared for by the Museum for more than a century—in a new light and to witness the work that will preserve them for future generations.
Wednesday, October 16    
                  AI & The Arts
                 
                Join The Warhol’s Pop District and Google for a conversation about AI's current use, how it might morph in the near future, how artists feel about this evolving technology, and the variety of ways it can be used in creative and cultural practices.
                  
Through Jan. 5, 2025    
                  The Science Behind Pixar
                 
                Step into the world of Pixar in this blockbuster exhibition featuring Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Mike and Sulley, Nemo and Dory, and all your favorite Pixar characters!  Dive into the minds of the artists and computer scientists who help bring Pixar’s award-winning films to the big screen.
                   
Our Museums    Carnegie Museum of Art   Carnegie Museum of Natural History   Carnegie Science Center   The Andy Warhol Museum     
Carnegie Magazine    Photo: Joshua Franzos 
The Dinosaur That Changed the World   Dippy continues to fascinate the public 125 years after it arrived at Carnegie Museum of Natural History.        125 Years: A History in Objects
A celebration of 125 years of Carnegie Museums through stories of 125 museum objects.    A Living Archive
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.    Pop Companions
The Warhol’s 30th anniversary exhibition KAWS + Warhol reveals there’s more to these two Pop icons’ works than meets the eye.    Get the Whole Scoop
Check out all the latest stories from Carnegie magazine and visit our archives.
Read More Articles      Things to Do      Super Science Saturday Get up-close with dinosaurs, discover secrets of DNA, and learn what it’s like to be a scientist in the field.      Explore Our Collections Some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.      Miniature Railroad & Village® This beloved display features hundreds of wonderfully realistic scenes that bring the rich history of western Pennsylvania to life.      Warhol Studio Sessions Groove to intimate, stripped-down studio sessions by Sound Series artists.    
More Things To Do

 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   Advertise  Reach Pittsburgh’s Culturally Engaged Community.
Carnegie magazine is distributed to 39,000 Carnegie Museums member households. Our readers are educated, active, culturally engaged, and community-minded.
PUBLICATION CALENDAR
SPRING 2024 ISSUE
RESERVATION DATE: JAN 12
ART DUE: FEB 5
DISTRIBUTION: WEEK OF MAR 1 SUMMER 2024 ISSUE
RESERVATION DATE: APR 8
ART DUE: MAY 6
DISTRIBUTION: WEEK OF JUN 1 FALL 2024 ISSUE
RESERVATION DATE: JULY 8
ART DUE: AUG 5
DISTRIBUTION: WEEK OF SEPT 1 WINTER 2024 ISSUE
RESERVATION DATE: OCT 7
ART DUE: NOV 4
DISTRIBUTION: WEEK OF DEC 1 ADVERTISING RATES  SIZE
4X
2X
1X 
FULL PAGE
$2,550
$3,000
$3,500 
2/3 Page
$1,675
 $2,125
 $2,500 
1/3 Square Page
$850
 $1,175
 $1,500  
PRODUCTION REQUIREMENTS  
FULL PAGE 2/3 PAGE 1/3 PAGE  Bleed: 8.875 x 11.25
Trim: 8.5 x 10.875
Non-Bleed: 7.25 x 10
4.75 x 10
4.75 x 4.875  
Printing Method: Offset. Standard four-color process inks. 133 line screen. Page trim size: 8.5 x 10.875. Binding: Saddle Stitching.
Digital File Specs: PDFs or TIF files. Must be 300 dpi and CMYK. Files received in any other format are subject to additional charges to the advertiser.
Artwork Submission: Email artwork to ads@carnegiemuseums.org. Please include in the subject line of your email: “Advertiser’s name, size of ad, and publication month.”
Art Specification Questions: Michael Kainaroi, 412.578.2455 or kainaroim@carnegiemuseums.org. 
READERSHIP
 Readership: 100,000
 Mailed to: 39,000 households
 
TO ADVERTISE, CONTACT:
Susie Rosenberg
susie@printmanagementonline.com
412.298.6698
-or-
Lee Ann Bernardo
leeann@printmanagementonline.com
412.848.7835   
    
Accessibility   Accessibility   Accessibility at Carnegie Museums
Our museums welcome all visitors. We work to assist visitors with disabilities in obtaining reasonable and appropriate accommodations, and in supporting equal access to our websites, services, programs, and activities. Please note that requests for accommodations at our museums should be made at least two weeks prior to your visit. For specific questions about wheelchairs, strollers, or other programmatic or equipment needs, see Visitor Services at the museum information desk or email visitorservices@carnegiemuseums.org, or call (412) 622-3131. The four Carnegie Museums are committed to keeping their websites compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act. We welcome any feedback on how to improve our sites’ accessibility for all users, and we strive to develop websites that are accessible to all.
For policy details, read the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Notification/Resolution Procedure.
To learn about special programs and equipment accommodations at each facility, please visit our museums’ accessibility pages:
Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History
Carnegie Science Center
The Andy Warhol Museum    

    
Carnegie Science Center 
If you want to go to the edge of the universe, make a splash, or a boom for your next event, think Carnegie Science Center. Our scenic North Shore location offers incredible city and Point views, convenient parking, awesome exhibits, and cool ideas for truly individual events. And our special events and catering team will help you create an event that’s unique, out of this world, and memorable. 
Food and beverage is provided by our on-site exclusive caterer, and we will work with you directly to plan your menu.
Make your wedding day truly distinctive. Carnegie Science Center: Wedding Catering Packages
Things to know: Group Admission can be added on to any daytime room rental.
Ample parking available. Your guests can pay on their own or you can host it for them.
All event rentals include: Basic A/V, Tables/Chairs, Security, Custodial Services, and Event Supervision. Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About My Event form.
You can also call us at 412.237.3403 or e-mail us.  
image Gallery     
PointView Hall and Terrace – Third Floor 
With spectacular views of the Pittsburgh skyline, PointView Hall inside Carnegie Science Center’s PPG SCIENCE PAVILION™ is a picture-perfect venue for wedding receptions, holiday parties, Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, corporate receptions, lectures, galas, fundraisers, and other festivities. The stunning view of the skyline from the outdoor terrace adds an air of sophistication to this event space that you won’t find elsewhere.
Capacity:
Theater-style – 500
Cocktail reception – 500
Seated Dinner – 300
Wedding – 220   Science Stage - First Floor 
Theater-style seating; equipped with a/v such as a podium/microphone, large screen, projector, and theater lighting. Perfect for presentations or award ceremonies.
Capacity:
Seated – 300
   
Buhl Planetarium and Second Floor Exhibit Areas 
This high-definition, full-dome experience will make your next event a celestial spectacular. Explore the world’s largest permanent robotics exhibition, roboworld®, and take a walking tour of western Pennsylvania at the world-renowned Miniature Railroad & Village®. Bring a group in for a Buhl Planetarium show or add one to your special event. Get married under the stars, hold a stellar award ceremony, or take your presentation to far reaches of the galaxy.
Capacity:
Fixed-Seated – 120*
Seated Dinner – 50
Cocktail reception – 250
*Buhl Planetarium Theater  
Works Theater and 4th-Floor Exhibits 
We can mix up cool cocktails with liquid nitrogen, fog up your atmosphere, and fire up the Van de Graff generator to literally make your hair stand on end. A fun, creative alternative for corporate dinners, holiday parties, rehearsal dinners, birthday parties, bar & bat mitzvahs, and many other social events. 
Capacity:
Seated Dinner  – 50-120
Cocktail Reception  – 200
Theater Style – 100   Covestro Gallery - H2Oh!: Why Our Rivers Matter 
Make a splash with your guests as you explore rivers, water conservation, and aquatic environments. Overlooking the Ohio River, this hands-on space offers stunning views and opportunities for interactive animal experiences.
Capacity:
Cocktail Reception – 50
    Highmark SportsWorks® 
A fun alternative event venue for children and adults. Guests can climb the 24-foot rock wall and test their mettle on the new Ropes course. Ask about our team-building activities. Great event space for corporate meetings, bar and bat mitzvahs, birthday parties, and other social events.
Capacity:
Seated Dinner – 50
Cocktail Reception – 120   BodyWorks 3rd Floor Exhibit and BodyStage 
Book a live demonstration for your group and explore nutrition, healthy lifestyle choices, physical fitness, anatomy, and medical technology. Challenge a friend to mirror-image drawing and interact with a digital skeleton who mirrors their every move. The BodyStage also is available for small meetings and presentations.
Capacity:
Seated Dinner – 40
Cocktail Reception – 50
   
Full Building 
Why not rent the entire main building?! Includes all floors, all interactive exhibits, and you can even add on a few shows and demonstrations. The sky is the limit with a full building rental. 
Capacity:
Talk with us about your plans! Capacity varies based on the event.   Science Pavilion Classrooms A/B 
From Birthday celebrations, showers, or corporate meetings, the PPG Science Pavilion Classrooms are the perfect space.
Capacity:
Meeting – Up To 75
    
Note: Carnegie Museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our Event Spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to Carnegie Museums.  Further, Carnegie Museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups.   
    
Opportunities  Your work might belong in a museum. One of our museums. 
As the region’s largest cultural organization, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh offers opportunities to make a difference in southwestern Pennsylvania and beyond. To impact and inspire your community while enriching yourself. 
We’re always looking for talented people from diverse backgrounds and experiences to join our team. We offer competitive benefits to our staff of more than 1,000, place importance on fostering diversity and a spirit of inclusion, and emphasize creativity and innovation. 
Need assistance or an accommodation? Carnegie Museums is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or have a request for a reasonable accommodation during any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, please contact our human resources team at HRConnect@carnegiemuseums.org or 412.622.3311.      Search Jobs  Whether you’re looking for part-time employment or a full-time career, we have opportunities in central services and across the four Carnegie Museums.    About Us  Why Carnegie Museums? We’ve been making an impact for more than 125 years.    Work Perks  We’re all about investing in you and your well-being. Check out our competitive employee benefits.     Our Commitment  Diversity and inclusion has a place in our work every day. We are committed to creating an environment where all staff feel welcome, supported, and appreciated for their individuality.   FAQs  Find answers to your Carnegie Museums hiring questions, including help with the online application process.   Volunteer or Intern  Interested in joining our dedicated volunteers? Searching for an internship experience? Here’s how to get involved.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us      
Fall 2024
Cover Story
Pursuing Relevant Science
How a transformative $65 million gift from Dan and Carole Kamin is bolstering Carnegie Science Center’s plans to become a top-tier leader in community-based science.
By Chris Fleisher 
Magazine Archives   
Summer 2024    Spring 2024  More Archives 
Receive more stories in your email
Sign up   
    
Weddings at the Museums 
Make your wedding day truly distinctive at one of the four Carnegie Museums. 
Celebrate your big day in the glorious Carnegie Music Hall Foyer, pose for photographs on the awe-inspiring Grand Staircase, and host your cocktail reception along the balcony above. Or take your wedding to Carnegie Science Center along Pittsburgh’s scenic North Shore, where the new PointView Hall will provide stunning views of the Point and Pittsburgh’s three rivers. Or give your guests something to talk about with a reception at the The Andy Warhol Museum.   
Tell us about your plans and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About my Event form.
Or contact us about your upcoming wedding: For our Oakland Museums, call 412.622.3393 or email us.   
For Carnegie Science Center, call 412.237.3403 or e-mail us.  
For The Andy Warhol Museum, call 412.237.3431 or email us.  Image Gallery    
              Event Spaces
                            Testimonials
                            FAQs
                            Catering
             
Event Spaces  Popular wedding spaces include:
Oakland Museums Carnegie Music Hall Foyer
Grand Staircase Mezzanine
Hall of Architecture
Hall of Sculpture Carnegie Science Center PointView Hall
Buhl Planetarium
Fourth Floor Overlook The Andy Warhol Museum First-Floor Entrance Lobby   
Testimonials  The reception last week was flawless! It has been a real pleasure to work with you throughout our planning, and your staff was very helpful last week. Everyone was unbelievably pleasant, and our guests were impressed with the venue and the service. It was nice to relax and enjoy the evening knowing that we were in great hands. Adding on the Founders Room at the last minute proved to be a good decision, and I appreciate everyone who also made that a good experience.
Thank you again for being such a valuable resource; you really helped us have a positive experience.
Adria Banko – 7/16/22 Dear All,
We don’t know how to begin to thank you for Colleen & Eric’s Wedding day.  Everything and every detail was perfect!!  The room looked spectacular and the food was amazing (as well as the amazing wedding cake, which got rave reviews)!!  You all did a fantastic job and Trish & I are very grateful!
Colleen & Eric could not have been happier the way things turned out and that’s what really matters.  Again, Trish and I thank you for everything you did for us and the newlyweds, we really appreciate it!!
Kevin & Trish –  6/18/2022 Hello Vanessa,
Now that the craziness of our wedding day is over and our emotions have settled, I would like to thank you for your help in making our wedding possible.  Your efforts to help get us acclimated to the venue, answer all of our questions, and address all of our concerns over the past year have been exceptional.
The venue was absolutely spectacular and directly matched the vision that my wife (still getting used to saying and writing that identifier!) and I sought to witness and present to our guests.  Everything from the spacious layout of the tables and chairs to the presentation of the glassware at each table to the depiction of the cookie table was done to perfection!  You helped realize our dream, and for that we are incredibly thankful!
We would not have known that you were newer to the “Events Manager” role if you had not told us.  You did a fabulous job of presenting the information and details to us at the pertinent times and made us feel comfortable throughout the entire process.  We cannot keep track of how many people thoroughly enjoyed our wedding, with many of them saying it was the best wedding that they had ever attended!  We could not have reaped this praise without your guidance and leadership.
Thank you for making the day a memory for life for my wife and me.  We still feel beyond excited every time we realize we had our wedding reception at the Science Center!  Without you, this would have not been possible!
I am currently recommending PointView Hall as a venue to some of my newly engaged friends who are looking to host their wedding.  Your name is also being linked to this recommendation, as we feel very confident that you will provide the same quality of service to them as you did to us.
I will be sure to contact you in the future should there be another event I would be interested in hosting.
Thank you very much!
Chandler
McGovern-Johnson Wedding  – 5/14/2022 Dallas,
Thank you so much for all of your hard work in making our wedding day perfect! We so enjoyed working with you and the entire Carnegie museums team for our reception. We absolutely loved how the space turned out and have heard endless compliments on the food. Thank you again for making our day so special.
Sydney Dombrowski  – 4/23/22 Dallas, Cassie, and Lindsay,
Thank you all so much for making our wedding unforgettable. Our guests were blown away by the hospitality, food, and space (hats off to Mr. Carnegie, he had wonderful taste in décor). Our night would not have functioned as well as it did if it weren’t for you ladies and your team. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts. We truly appreciate everything you did.
Much love,
The Grubers  – 4/23/2022 Good evening!
I just wanted to send a big thank you to you and your team at the science center. I got my wedding gallery back today and everything was an absolute dream. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for making my day so special. All of our guests could not stop raving about the cocktail hour, food, the ballroom, and view. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Jayne and Conner Phillips   – 4/2/2022 Dallas,
Thank you so much for everything you have done these past few years. You made what could have been a stressful experience moving a wedding four times not very stressful at all. We appreciate you more than you know, and it has been an absolute pleasure working with you. So happy to finally be able to celebrate!
Josh and Taylor Davis  – 1/16/2022 Bridgitte,
Holy crap!!! Thank you so much for everything! Our wedding was absolutely amazing! Everything was perfect! You are such a freaking Rockstar! You have such a wonderful team and we cannot thank you enough. Thank you for being diligent, kind, and prompt. You took wedding planning and it fun and stress free. Thank you so much!   We are forever grateful for you, your team and The Warhol
Catherine and Jessica  – 12/11/2021 A Night to Remember
While looking for a venue, my now husband and I wanted somewhere close to downtown with beautiful views, and paired well with our nerdy side. After visiting the Science Center for a tour of the space we knew immediately this was where we wanted our reception to be held. The entire staff and team we coordinated with was so professional, helpful and easy to work with that we fully were able to enjoy the entire evening! The ability to have catering included was a huge bonus for us, as well and not needing to looking into bartenders and other staff. We had such a wonderful night and highly recommend checking out Point View Hall for a larger space!
Caitrin F.  – 11/13/2021 Dear Dallas, Cassie, & Trista
Thank you all so much for helping us organize our wedding on October 23. We felt you all did an exceptional job, we can’t thank you enough for helping to calm our nerves with your excellent attention to detail. If there’s anything we can do in the future (customer reviews, recommendations, etc.) please let us know!
All our very best wishes,
Sarah and Oliver – 10/23/2021 Dear Dallas,
We don’t have the words to thank you enough for all that you did for us. Our wedding was 100% a fairy tale…literally the best night of our lives! You kept us calm during the whole process of planning a pandemic wedding and you’re just so damned nice!  The museum is truly lucky to have you and we are so happy we had our wedding there.
Trista and Lenny Weiss – 6/26/2021 “Thank you so much for making my daughter’s wedding such a memorable event. It was hard enough to be dealing with Covid-19 without the added stress of a wedding but you were amazing! You went above and beyond the call of duty from zooming the entire event so our friends and family could see it to helping our photographer and working with the music.
The Carnegie Museum is such a fabulous place to have a wedding and I think it’s an underused resource in Pittsburgh. Being wed under the T-Rex is just an amazing setting. This was my daughter’s dream wedding for years and you made it possible.”
10/1/2020     FAQs  What all is included in the rental fee?
Tables/chairs, custodial services, limited technical services, entrance security, and someone from the special events office to oversee the event.
Things that are prohibited: Sparklers indoors/outdoors, bubbles, dropped/tossed flower petals, confetti indoors/outside, open-flame tapered candles, popcorn, balloons, and open flames.
Can anything be hung up?
In most cases, we ask that nothing be hung on the walls and signage be free-standing. But that depends on the venue. Just tell us what you have in mind.
What time does my event have to end? 
In most cases, we ask that events end by 1 a.m. Let us know if this is a problem for you event.
Do you have a preferred catering list?
We partner with our exclusive caterer, Culinaire.
Can I bring in cookies for a wedding?
Yes! We love the Pittsburgh Cookie Table tradition.
Are linens included in fees? 
Yes, they are included in our wedding package (but not in our other events packages).
Can I take pictures in Museum galleries?
You can absolutely take photographs in all event spaces. Museum gallery photography varies, however. Just ask us.
What about storage for my event?
All items that come into the museum must leave the same day.
Do you have any preferred vendors?
You are welcome to contract the florist and/or entertainment of your choice. We are happy to make recommendations, if needed.
How does parking work?
Our museums have different parking operations, so please contact your event manager, who will be happy to share venue-specific information.
Can you suggest additional museum experiences for my guests?
Yes!  We can provide docent-led tours of galleries, live demonstrations, and other museum experiences for an additional fee.   Catering  We look forward to working with you to create the perfect catering package for your wedding day.
Carnegie Museums in Oakland: Wedding Catering Packages
Carnegie Science Center: Wedding Catering Packages        
Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About my Event form.  
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Facetime Q&A 
    :
                  
Q+A: Kathy Hollis
 By Corinne Whiting   
In conversation with the director of collections care and access at Carnegie Museum of Natural History.      Q+A: Hope Gillespie
By Kellie B. Gormly   
In conversation with the museum experiences officer at Carnegie Science Center      Q+A: Grace Marston
By Emma Riva 
In conversation with an arts educator at The Andy Warhol Museum.      Q+A: Aaron Levi Garvey
By Emma Riva 
In conversation with the new chief curator at The Andy Warhol Museum.      Q+A: Doug DeHaven
By Sally Quinn 
In conversation with the mechatronics engineer at Carnegie Science Center.      Q+A: Gretchen Baker
By Chris Fleisher 
In conversation with the Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History.      Q+A: Daniel Horenstein
By Jennifer Davis 
In conversation with the manager of the Buhl Planetarium & Observatory.      Q+A: Geovette Washington
By Kate Benz 
In conversation with the chair of the Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh’s Board of Trustees      Q+A: Dana Bishop-Root
By Julie Hannon 
In conversation with Carnegie Museum of Art’s director of education and public programs.      Q+A: Taiji Nelson
By Julie Hannon 
In conversation with the senior program manager of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Climate and Rural Systems Partnership.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
125 Years: A History in Objects
Andy Warhol’s dental molds and a shot of homemade lightning. And the dinosaur and the painting that started it all. To celebrate 125 years of Carnegie Museums, Carnegie magazine published the stories of 125 iconic, quirky, and sometimes little-known pieces of museum history—25 objects at a time throughout our anniversary year. Explore the tales of these unique wonders of art, science, and the natural world, as well as a few other unforgettable markers of Carnegie Museums past and present—randomly, by museum, or by object type.    Print 
  
 
Share    
 
Tweet    
 
Share    
 
Email   | Text Size:
A A A      Select objects by thumbnail or filter objects      
                                                                                                                          
                                                                                       
               
                   
                               
                                                                                      
       
                                                                                       
                   
     
View By:
Filter objects by museum or object type 
Filter by MuseumsAll Museums (125)  Filter by Object TypesAll Object TypesArtwork (47)Other Museum History (18)Artifact (15)Science In Action (17)Exhibition (28)Archival (14)Fossil (7)Education (5)Scientific Specimen (15)Ephemora (9)Living Collection (2) (1)  Reset Filters                  
   Dinosaur Hall’s T. rex Mural For decades, visitors flocked to Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s original Dinosaur Hall to see its resident VIPs—Diplodocus carnegii, Apatosaurus louisae, and Tyrannosaurus rex. They left with a dark and foreboding image baked into their brains, painted in 1950 by the museum’s chief artist, Ottmar von Fuehrer. The floor-to-ceiling mural took the Carnegie Tech-trained artist months to complete, and museum visitors got to watch as the depiction of the fierce creature took shape. Part T. rex, part Godzilla, the lumbering dinosaur was based on the science of the day. Later that century, scientists learned that T. rex moved with its back held almost horizontal, with its powerful jaws just a few feet above eye level and its tail raised well off the ground. So, von Fuehrer’s mural had to go. But his work is still on view today—from the painting of Mt. Rainier in the Hall of Botany to the murals in the Hall of North American Wildlife’s dioramas.  Share this Object:                      The Tesla Coil
Lightning strikes a few times nearly every day at Carnegie Science Center, thanks to the fan-favorite Tesla coil, named after inventor Nikola Tesla. Visitors to Works Theater learn how Tesla’s invention, built in 1891, would go on to find applications in early radio-transmission antennae, television picture tubes, and sodium street lamps. But they also learn that the Science Center’s 10-foot-high creation is one of the country’s largest and oldest amateur-made Tesla coils still in operation today. Pittsburgh teenager George Kaufman constructed it in 1911 in the attic of his family’s Ben Avon home. It took him a year and $125 of his own money, not to mention the ire of neighbors who suffered power-grid failures due to the 1 million volts of ungrounded electricity it generated. Kaufman went on to earn a degree in electrical engineering from what’s now Carnegie Mellon University, and became chief electrical engineer for J&L Steel, where he earned more than 100 patents. In 1950, he donated his Tesla coil to Buhl Planetarium, where its special brand of homemade lightning wowed visitors for decades before finding a new home at the Science Center in 1991.  Share this Object:                      The Women’s Suffrage Parade, in Miniature
On May 2, 1914, courageous women took to the streets of Pittsburgh in support of the era’s most controversial topic—a woman’s right to vote. Eighty-one years later, in 1995, Carnegie Science Center honored them by making their parade part of the Miniature Railroad & Village’s® magical world. Model makers drew their inspiration from newspaper accounts and parade handouts, making dozens of tiny figures dressed in colorful period clothing. Leading the way is Julian “Boss of the Road” Kennedy, followed by Jennie “Liberty Bell” Bradley Roessing, driving the same car she drove to each of Pennsylvania’s 67 counties, lobbying for the cause. According to the Pittsburgh Daily Post, “Race, creed and social standing were eliminated in the common cause,” as representatives from the National Association of Colored Women, Chatham University, and the Boy Scouts, among other groups, joined the march. Share this Object:                      Steamship Trunk
Andy Warhol collected everything from Fiestaware to dental molds to art deco. His 610 Time Capsules are his largest collecting project, in which he stored source material for his artwork as well as odds and ends from his daily life. In this spirit, The Warhol’s education team, in partnership with local immigrant families, developed Community Time Capsules to celebrate Pittsburgh’s rich cultural heritage. Each is an online collection of personal and historical objects that captures the culture and stories of some of the region’s immigrant communities. The Warhol photographed hundreds of items
for each Community Time Capsule, and the compilations are part of the museum’s online curriculum that uses Warhol’s life and practice to teach lessons across the humanities. This wood and leather wardrobe trunk puts a spotlight on three generations of the Cavaliere family, who used it to pack their previous lives for their transatlantic travels between Italy and the United States. Share this Object:                      A Dinosaur for Pittsburgh
Andrew Carnegie’s intense interest in prehistoric buried treasure began in 1898 when he spied an article in a New York newspaper about a University of Wyoming fossil collector who had stumbled across the ancient remains of the “most colossal animal ever on Earth.” Legend has it that Carnegie sent the clipping with a $10,000 check to Museum Director William J. Holland with the directive to “buy this for Pittsburgh.” The reality is that the check came later. First came a tussle between the university and Holland’s team to remove the fossils. After no additional bones were discovered at the site, Carnegie’s bone hunters moved some 20 miles away to Sheep Creek, Wyoming, where, in July 1899, they found a nearly complete skeleton of a gigantic, long-necked sauropod dinosaur. It would take all of 130 crates to transport the bones of the 85-foot-long giant Diplodocus carnegii—named after its financier—to Pittsburgh via boxcar. Once assembled, Dippy, as the behemoth is now affectionately known, was the star of Pittsburgh’s newly built 1907 Dinosaur Hall. Share this Object:                        
Robert S. Duncanson, American Landscape, 1852, Carnegie Museum of Art; Heinz Family Fund   
American Landscape by Robert S. Duncanson While we don’t know its exact location, this pastoral scene caught Robert S. Duncanson’s eye shortly after the artist visited Pittsburgh in July 1852. It was still early in his career, before he became the first African American artist to garner an international reputation and the title of “the greatest landscape painter in the West.” Duncanson was in Pittsburgh during a tour of his first historical landscape, The Garden of Eden. He would eventually give that monumental painting to the Rev. Charles Avery, a white minister and philanthropist who was a member of Pittsburgh’s Underground Railroad, “for his generosity and friendship” toward African Americans. Duncanson’s gift was in recognition of Avery’s 1849 founding of the Allegheny Institute, the first college for African Americans in Allegheny County. Acquired by Carnegie Museum of Art in 2018, American Landscape is currently on view in A Pittsburgh Anthology.  Share this Object:                      Victory, from the Lakota’s Perspective
On June 25, 1876, Lt. Col. George Custer and his troops confronted the Northern Plains Indians, who were defending their right to their land, in the Battle of the Little Bighorn—known to the Lakota and other Plains Indians as the Battle of the Greasy Grass. Custer and more than 200 soldiers died in the conflict now known as Custer’s Last Stand. This beaded antelope hide illustrates the victory of Lakota Sioux and Cheyenne warriors over U.S. federal troops, as told from a Lakota perspective. An unknown artist made it in the early 1990s in the style of 19th-century ledger art. At the time, it was uncommon for commercial work to depict the Indigenous point of view. In the lower right quadrant, there’s a figure in a maroon top with white dots (representing elk teeth/hunting prowess) believed to be a woman warrior, a respected individual within Plains tribes. Installed in the Alcoa Foundation Hall of American Indians in 2018, the hide was donated to the Museum of Natural History by Lester Becker in memory of his late wife, Joan Becker, a retired librarian and friend of the museum who volunteered in the anthropology department for 13 years.  Share this Object:                        
USS Requin crew in front of the original sail configuration, 1946.   
USS Requin (SS-481)
The USS Requin has been moored on Carnegie Science Center’s Ohio River shoreline since 1990, a floating technology and history lesson. In active service from 1945 to 1968, it once carried a crew of up to 80 sailors and supported both defensive and scientific missions, some of them still classified. Launched on January 1, 1945, from Portsmouth Navy Shipyard in New Hampshire, it quickly earned the nickname Galloping Ghost of the East Coast for its Cold War adventures policing the Eastern Seaboard. Its first commander was Slade Deville Cutter, a 6-foot-4-inch captain with four Navy Crosses. Cutter and crew sailed for Guam in August 1945, with orders to support the planned invasion of Japan. Three days later, the war was over, and the sub pivoted to non-combat missions. Daily life among Requin’s crewmen included “hot bunking”—taking a shift in one of about 30 shared berths—and 24/7 meals in the sub’s mess, which visitors can see in person or through a virtual tour. Share this Object:                        
Winslow Homer, The Wreck, 1896, Carnegie Museum of Art   
The Wreck by Winslow Homer Andrew Carnegie was a man not to be outdone. A year after the first Venice Biennale opened in Italy, his new museum-library hub in Pittsburgh hosted the first Carnegie International, then called the Annual Exhibition. Among the artists who exhibited in the 1896 International was 60-year-old American artist Winslow Homer. His oil painting, The Wreck, so impressed the judges that they awarded him the Chronological Medal and $5,000 in prize money. Soon after, the museum acquired it—marking one of the first paintings to enter the museum’s collection and one of more than 300 works acquired from 57 Carnegie Internationals. Homer is said to have based the work on a sketch he made of a disaster he witnessed from the dunes of Higgins Beach at Prouts Neck, Maine. Instead of the wreck itself, the focus is on the rescue team struggling to drag a lifeboat across the beach’s sand hills.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Female Fashion Figure, 1950s, The Andy Warhol Museum © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Tactile Female Fashion Figure Andy Warhol famously said, “Pop art is for everyone.” Following his lead, in 2014 The Warhol introduced the first of more than a dozen tactile reproductions of Andy Warhol artworks—think Campbell’s Soup I: Cream of Mushroom, Marilyn, and Female Fashion Figure. These three-dimensional representations give visitors a sense of the texture, shape, and composition of Warhol’s artwork through touch. The museum pairs each one with audio recordings by way of its Out Loud audio guide, which walks visitors through the experience of visualizing the original artworks by touching them. While they’re designed for visitors who are blind or have low vision, they give everyone a closer look—a closer feel—of what a Warhol artwork is all about.  Share this Object:                      Brewster Medal (times two)
The Museum of Natural History began collecting birds before bird guides existed, at a time when identification took place through the barrel of a shotgun filled with “dust” to reduce damage to the specimens. In 1899, the museum hired W.E. Clyde Todd as an assistant in charge of all recent vertebrates, though he was shamelessly devoted to birds. He built that collection from the ground up, accessioning 136,295 specimens —a remarkable 66% of today’s holdings. Todd described 397 holotypes, or birds new to the world. He produced two major works, Birds of Western Pennsylvania (1940) and Birds of the Labrador Peninsula and Adjacent Areas (1963), the latter of which focused on an area of eastern Canada and earned him the distinction of being the only ornithologist to date to win a pair of Brewster Medals, in recognition of an exceptional body of work on birds of the Western Hemisphere. The prestigious honor from the American Ornithological Society dates to 1921 and was bestowed on Todd for the first time in 1925 for his co-work on the birds of Santa Marta, Colombia.  Share this Object:                      The Science Fair Project
Does insulating beehives aid overwintering honeybees? What are the effects of rapamycin and metformin on exosome secretion in cancer cells? Does screen time affect sleep? A regional institution since 1939, today’s Pittsburgh Regional Science & Engineering Fair is not your grandfather’s science fair. It’s a place where science is cool, optimism runs high, and scores of young scientists want nothing more than to change their world. Nearly 1,000 students in grades six through 12 compete from western Pennsylvania and northern Maryland. Hundreds of regional professionals weigh in as judges for the event that, all told, awards hundreds of prizes and scholarships. It’s a win-win for aspiring changemakers and our region. Share this Object:                      Founder’s Day Program
The Founder’s Day celebrations of the early Carnegie Institute were no small affairs. The 14th annual event should have occurred on April 29, 1910, but was postponed to May 2 to oblige the schedule of the celebration’s keynote speaker, President William Howard Taft. Every seat of Carnegie Music Hall was filled and the streets outside the building were packed with thousands of people gathered to catch a glance of the president and other dignitaries. In his remarks, Taft hailed the grand building, expanded three years earlier, as a “great temple of art, of music, and of learning.”  Share this Object:                        
Karanasa pamira ornata   
Andrey Avinoff’s Butterflies
Legend has it that Andrey Avinoff fell in love at first sight—with butterflies—at age 5, while roaming the grounds of his family’s expansive estate in Ukraine. At 7 years old, he discovered a future mentor in William J. Holland, an early director of Carnegie Museum of Natural History, when he immersed himself in Holland’s The Butterfly Book. By adulthood, Avinoff—also an accomplished artist—had become laser-focused on the study of the geographical variation in moths and butterflies across Asia, amassing a huge collection of specimens that would eventually be appropriated by the Zoological Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences. After fleeing his homeland during the Russian Revolution, Avinoff was recruited by Holland to bring his passion for butterflies to Pittsburgh, where he was able to more than replace his lost collection. Avinoff served as the museum’s director from 1926 to 1945, and the beauty
and diversity of his collection is treasured to this day.  Share this Object:                      Wild flowers of Western Pennsylvania and the Upper Ohio Basin Carnegie Museum of Natural History has been—and still is!—home to many accomplished scientists, and two stand out for their combined work on an amazing research and artistic feat: Wild Flowers of Western Pennsylvania and the Upper Ohio Basin, printed in 1953. It was 12 years earlier that Museum Director Andrey Avinoff, a renowned entomologist and an accomplished painter, began an ambitious project with friend and Curator of Botany Otto E. Jennings, who would succeed Avinoff as museum director. They wanted to describe and illustrate the flora of western Pennsylvania, based on Jennings’ lifelong study of the region. So, Jennings and his colleagues would bring living plants into the museum, and Avinoff worked quickly to paint each specimen, many of which were then dried, pressed, and placed in the museum’s herbarium. Jennings collected this squarrose goldenrod (Solidago squarrosa) on Sept. 21, 1944, on a ledge along the river bluffs near Bells Landing, Pennsylvania. Volume I of the duo’s historic publication is focused on descriptive content, including maps, the botany of the region, and descriptive text of the flora. In volume II, Avinoff’s 200 color drawings take center stage. It’s a singular accomplishment still greatly admired nearly 70 years later.  Share this Object:                        
Charles “Teenie” Harris, Young women eating caramel apples, including Helen Ruth Daniels in center, possibly Schenley High School, ca. 1940–1946, Carnegie Museum of Art; Heinz Family Fund   
Teenie’s Archive
As a newspaper man, Charles “Teenie” Harris lovingly captured his community’s everyday—its vibrant cultural, economic, and political life—through more than 70,000 photographs, earning him the distinction of being one of the most prolific photographers of the 20th century. Harris took most of his images in Pittsburgh’s Hill District and surrounding communities while on assignment for the country’s widest-selling Black newspaper, the Pittsburgh Courier, and they tell more than a local story. Acquired by Carnegie Museum of Art in 2001, the Teenie Harris Archive is considered one of the country’s most detailed and intimate photographic records of the Black urban experience. Share this Object:                      Pseudomorph of Hemimorphite After Calcite On certain days, it’s easy to figure out which are the stars of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Hillman Hall of Minerals and Gems: at closing time, just check out the number of fingerprints on the specimens’ glass cases. Without question, the megastar of the group—for well over a century—is the yellowish-gold pseudomorph of hemimorphite after calcite, unearthed from the ore fields near Joplin, Missouri, and gifted to the museum by A.L. Means in 1897. With only a handful in existence, it remains the signature piece of the collection, and can be found encased behind plexiglass—nearly glowing—in the hall’s Masterpiece Gallery. Share this Object:                        
Nicole Eisenman, Prince of Swords, 2013, Carnegie Museum of Art;
The Henry L. Hillman Fund   
Prince of Swords  by Nicole Eisenman
Known primarily for her painting, Nicole Eisenman came to prominence in the 1990s with her darkly funny, almost cartoonish canvases that satirize everything from politics to the nuclear family, art, and gender stereotypes, sometimes all in a single work. During the 2013 Carnegie International, she was awarded the prestigious Carnegie Prize for her career-spanning survey of painting paired with new sculpture in the museum’s Hall of Sculpture, where one of her figures remains today, playing with its distant cousins, the Greek and Roman casts. Prince of Swords sits with its feet dangling over the balcony, hunched over a smartphone. With a crystal lodged in its throat chakra, the figure personifies communication: “How we are drawn together, and also not, through ways we communicate,” says Eisenman. “I don’t really feel like it’s possible to be alone in this world. But here’s the way we have of being alone in the crowd.”  Share this Object:                      Julia Warhola’s Naturalization Certificate
When Julia Warhola, mother of Andy Warhol, received her naturalization document at the age of 49, she never could have imagined it would one day be exhibited in a museum. Now displayed on The Andy Warhol Museum’s top floor, it’s an artifact of, hands-down, the most important person in the Pop artist’s life. She was born Julia Zavacky in Mikova, Czechoslovakia, on November 17, 1892. Hers was hardly an exceptional immigrant story, except she loved to draw and she passed that love of drawing on to her children, including her youngest, Andy. After Andy moved away from Pittsburgh, he and his mother would live together in New York from 1952 until a year before her death in 1972. Her decorative handwriting, which Andy admired, often found its way into his illustrations, as did her drawings of her favorite subjects—angels and cats.  Share this Object:                      Industrial Fan
In 2005, while welcoming guests to Works Theater at Carnegie Science Center, educator Mike Hennessy met a young visitor with autism who was captivated by an old pedestal fan in a staff hallway, barely visible near the theater entrance. As it turned out, during the boy’s subsequent trips to the museum, he grew enamored with the fan, even giving short tours of it to other children. After visits, he would spend hours drawing it. Hennessy learned this one day when he discovered the boy and his family searching for the fan. Staff, it seems, had unwittingly moved it. So, the Science Center team sprang into action, searching the building until they located the fan, returning it to its place of honor. The child and his family continued to visit the Science Center—and the fan—for several years, until one day staff surprised the now-teenager with the fan as a Christmas gift, cleaned and dressed in a bow. Not long after, the young man’s mother sent a collage of photos showing the boy growing up at the Science Center—visiting the fan, searching for it, and finally observing it proudly as a permanent exhibit in his home. “It speaks to how we don’t know what will inspire our guests, and we don’t always know—in the moment—the kind of impact we’re having,” notes Steve Kovac, the Science Center’s senior director of service and engagement.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Andrew Carnegie, 1981, Gift of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts/Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York   
Andrew, by Andy
With Richard Mellon Scaife’s support, in 1981 Carnegie Museum of Art commissioned Pittsburgh’s most famous artist to create a portrait of Carnegie Museums’ founder. It’s only fitting that it be Andy Warhol, who attended Saturday art classes at Carnegie Museum of Art and studied painting and design at what’s now Carnegie Mellon University—both institutions established by Andrew Carnegie. The artist based his silkscreen of the complex figure on a photograph taken in 1896 by celebrated Pittsburgh photographer B.L.H. Dabbs. Warhol created two versions and both are in the museum’s collection. This one was a gift of The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts following Warhol’s death. Screened in vibrant complementary colors, the works give the buttoned-down look of the steel magnate something akin to an electric charge. Share this Object:                      Warhol: Resources & Lessons English-Russian Workbook
Over 25 years, the keepers of the Andy Warhol flame have brought his art to more than 40 countries, reaching some 12 million people. In a particularly remarkable exchange, in 2005 The Warhol traveled the exhibition Andy Warhol: Artist of Modern Life to three major Russian cities. With support from the Alcoa Foundation, the museum established an educational partnership with the host institutions in Russia, which included the translation of educational resources, like this workbook, and a collaboration between students in Moscow and Pittsburgh. The project galvanized nearly a decade’s worth of work by The Warhol’s education department to create a free, and still evolving, online curriculum using Warhol’s life, art, and practice to teach lessons across the humanities.  Share this Object:                      An Educational Kit: The Hopi Tribe
For nearly 125 years, the Museum of Natural History’s Educator Loan Collection, the brainchild of early Museum Director William J. Holland, has introduced area teachers and students to real, touchable artifacts and specimens of the natural world—from minerals and skulls to feathers, furs, and taxidermy. Themed by topic into tool kits—think dinosaurs, minerals, and Pennsylvania botany— additions to the now 8,000-plus collection are often donated by the museum’s scientific sections because they’re lacking sufficient data for scientific study. They’re no less valuable, though, as educational tools for K–12 learners. Included in this kit about the cultural heritage of the Hopi, a Native American tribe who primarily live in northeastern Arizona, is a letter from a Hopi carver. “I began carving when I was about 8 years old. I learned by sitting and watching my uncles and fathers carve beautiful figures of Katsinas,” writes Patrick Joshevama, who considers his carved works to be “my footprints upon this Earth.”    Share this Object:                      A Patch of Pittsburgh Past
On November 5, 1895, when Andrew Carnegie dedicated his “palace of culture,” the grand building was a glistening reminder of the value the steel baron placed on learning. Decades later, that same building, now blackened by layers of industrial soot, was an ominous reminder of the once unchecked environmental consequences of burning fossil fuels to power Carnegie’s steel mills and other industrial polluters. In the fall of 1989, library and museum leaders took on the task of cleaning the building’s Berea sandstone exterior—all but a small corner left black as a reminder of what once was. The public was invited to sponsor patches of the building, and the $1.3 million face-lift finally began after years of study to determine the safest way to clean the façade of the 104-year-old historic landmark. By the end of 1990, the building was returned to its onetime glory.  Share this Object:                      The School Bus
On most spring days and just before the annual holiday break, the school bus is an ever-present part of the Carnegie Museums landscape. But, unfortunately, not as often in the age of COVID-19. The first time most young visitors meet Dippy, strike a pose mid-stride with the Walking Man sculpture at the Museum of Art, get lost in the Science Center’s Miniature Railroad & Village®, and learn to silkscreen at The Warhol is usually on a school field trip, arriving on a yellow school bus. Each year, some 100,000 schoolchildren find unique sources of inspiration, knowledge, and fun at the museums. Share this Object:                        
Photo: Tom Little   
The Façade of Saint Gilles
At 38 feet high and 74 feet long, the plaster cast of the west portal of Saint-Gilles-du-Gard, a Benedictine abbey in the south of France, still impresses today, 114 years after visitors first set eyes on it. Considered by many to be the most beautiful of all the great Romanesque portals, it only made sense that Andrew Carnegie wanted it to be the star of his collection of custom-built architectural casts. His Carnegie Museum paid the town of Gard 2,000 gold francs—about $80,000 in current U.S. dollars—for permission to make the huge cast from the original 12th-century church, a risky practice that soon would fall out of favor throughout Europe. It took three separate transatlantic voyages to transport the 195 packing cases filled with carefully crafted piece molds to New York. Two French craftsmen would spend 18 months assembling the pieces of Saint Gilles in Carnegie Museum’s newly built Hall of Architecture.  Share this Object:                        
Photo: Lisa Kyle   
The Warhol’s Vintage Photo Booth
Andy Warhol liked the simple and quick technology of the four-for-a-quarter photo booth, and he used the photo strips to create silkscreen portraits, including of himself. The artist would encourage sitters such as art collector Ethel Skull to act out different looks and expressions, each captured in a single frame. It’s fitting, then, that on the underground level of The Andy Warhol Museum, Pop art fans can memorialize their visits inside a vintage photo booth that has been part of the museum since it opened in 1994—the four photo strips now $3. Famous visitors get in on the action, too, including John Waters, the self-proclaimed “filth elder” and Pope of Trash, seen here inside the booth in 2005. When this vintage machine is unavailable—and it happens—a modern photo booth, which allows visitors to share photos and a video of their session on Twitter and Facebook, is ready for takers on the first floor.  Share this Object:                      American Bison
For countless numbers of schoolchildren, the taxidermy bison standing tall in Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Alcoa Foundation Hall of American Indians is a tour highlight because it’s real and touchable. It’s an intentional museum moment, centering the animal that is not just revered but also intertwined with the culture and spiritual lives of American Indians of the northern Plains. When planning for the hall in the early 1990s, museum staff identified the aging bison on a meat farm in nearby Mercer County. While staff knew that the bison is sacred to Native people, they didn’t understand how the relationship worked. They soon learned from Indigenous advisers that they must ask the bison if it was willing to be used for this purpose. According to Lakota legend, the bison made a pact long ago to feed the people. In return, special ceremonies are performed when bison are killed. The museum asked Rosalie Little Thunder, a Lakota spiritual leader and one of several Indigenous advisers to the museum, to perform the ceremony. With museum staff in attendance, Rosalie announced that the bison had agreed to be used for educational purposes.  Share this Object:                        
Kerry James Marshall, Untitled (Gallery), 2016, The Henry L. Hillman Fund © Kerry James Marshall. Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner, London   
Untitled (Gallery) by Kerry James Marshall Considered one of the greatest living painters in America, Kerry James Marshall is best known for reinserting Black figures into the largely white historical canon of Western painting. For Eric Crosby, the Henry J. Heinz II Director of Carnegie Museum of Art, he was the artist who got away. Although Marshall exhibited a far-out comic strip populated by a cast of Black heroes in the 1999 Carnegie International, the museum had failed to acquire his work. When Crosby joined the museum as a curator in 2015, he was determined to right that wrong, and in December 2016 the museum did just that by purchasing a new painting by Marshall. In Untitled (Gallery), the juxtaposition of the primary figure and the nearby photograph on the wall prompts a host of questions, Crosby writes: “Is the subject of the painting also the subject of the photograph? Is she the artist? The curator? Or perhaps the gallerist? Is she the owner of the artwork or just an interested viewer? If Marshall’s goal has been to bring the Black figure emphatically into the field of art, and indeed into the museum, then Untitled (Gallery) takes this aim directly as its primary subject matter.”  Share this Object:                      Oakland Muses
Thanks to sculptor John Massey Rhind, the Forbes Avenue entrances to Carnegie Music Hall and Carnegie Museums in Oakland are hard to miss. That’s because they feature the larger-than-life bronze statues of Shakespeare, Michelangelo, Bach, and Galileo—the personification of the literature, art, music, and science found within. But often overlooked are the 12 muses who stand 12 feet tall and hover 80 feet above. Grasping the tools of their trades—among them a quill pen, a painter’s palette, a lyre, even a chemist’s flask and a fossil —these female spirits are said to provide encouragement for earthly pursuits. They were added during the first expansion of the grand building, completed in 1907. Share this Object:                        
Small snail fossils found in a Grand Staircase wall.   
“Hidden” Fossils
Visitors who explore the shared Carnegie Museums and Library building in Oakland often marvel at the architecture and its head-turning multicolored marbles and limestones. What they might overlook, however, are the fossils buried in those beautiful stones. Look closely at the columns and pillars of the Grand Staircase and the walls in the Music Hall foyer and you’ll find a variety of seashell species preserved in the Échaillon limestone, mined from cliffs in the valley of the Isère River of the western Alps in southeastern France. Look closely at the beige Hauteville stone, also from France, that covers the Grand Staircase walls and the floors of the Halls of Sculpture and Architecture to discover 5-inch-long Nerinea snails. It took Albert Kollar, geologist and collection manager for invertebrate paleontology at Carnegie Museum of Natural History, and his French colleagues years of fieldwork to authenticate the provenance of the stones.    Share this Object:                      Soot-Covered Eastern Towhees
Long before people monitored air quality through electronic devices, the soot on birds’ bellies recorded the history of air pollution. From 1880 to 2015, the soot stains on the plumage of birds preserved in museum collections in Chicago, Detroit, and Pittsburgh clearly decline in line with legislative and social changes of the 20th century, such as the switch from coal to natural gas in residential heating. Black carbon, in addition to being a public health hazard, is a major contributor to anthropogenic climate change. Thanks to the research of a pair of University of Chicago graduate students who measured the black carbon on some 1,300 birds from the collections of the Field Museum, the University of Michigan Museum of Zoology, and Carnegie Museum of Natural History, a clear picture of emissions in the past emerged, which will help to improve the accuracy of future climate scenarios. Carl Fuldner and Shane DuBay published their findings in 2017 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Because birds molt their feathers annually, the soot on the bird at the time of its death—including on these eastern towhees once on view in Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Anthropocene Living Room—is a snapshot of that year in industrial history.  Share this Object:                      Zeiss Star Projector
The Zeiss Model II Star Projector sure could make an entrance. For more than 50 years, every show at the original Buhl Planetarium would begin with the alien-looking contraption dramatically rising from the floor. And then, as if by magic, it would illuminate the domed ceiling with the sight of more than 9,000 stars. It was the ingenuity of Carl Zeiss and the optical manufacturing company that bears his name that made it all possible. Complex clockwork mechanisms allowed the projector to accurately display the stars as they would appear at any point in time, from any place on Earth. But with the opening of Carnegie Science Center in 1991 and the ever-growing use of digital technology, its magic began to fade. Although long retired from duty, the Zeiss still looms large on the first floor of the Science Center where it stands as the focal point of a permanent interactive exhibit.  Share this Object:                      The Crowning Of Labor John White Alexander had his marching orders: Paint an homage to the hardworking people and industrial achievements of Pittsburgh. He delivered a three-story, 4,000-square-foot mural that still surrounds Carnegie Museums’ Grand Staircase. When Andrew Carnegie welcomed crowds to his newly expanded Pittsburgh museums in 1907, the spectacle of Alexander’s The Crowning of Labor greeted them at the building’s majestic new entrance. The drama of Alexander’s mural starts on the first floor, with muscled male laborers toiling away in the steam and smoke of their industrial workplace. On the second floor, three panels tout the glory of labor, symbolized by an ascending male figure clad in a suit of armor (Carnegie, maybe?). On the third floor, Pittsburgh citizens march toward an enlightened, sunlit future, but the panels representing the fruits of their labor—art, music, literature, and science—remain blank; Alexander died before completing them. It’s hard to believe the entire mural was painted in New York City, shipped to Pittsburgh, and then glued onto the walls. In 1995, Museum of Art conservators cleaned and restored the mural in honor of Carnegie Museums’ centennial.  Share this Object:                        
Mary Cassatt, Mathilde Holding Baby, Reaching out to Right, c. 1889, Carnegie Museum of Art, Heinz Family Fund, Robert S. Waters Charitable Trust Fund, Major Paintings Acquisition Fund, Alan G. and Jane A. Lehman Fund, Alice and Jim Beckwith Art Acquisition Fund, and Foster Charitable Trust Fund   
Mathilde Holding Baby, Reaching out to Right by Mary Cassatt In 2011, Carnegie Museum of Art added this major pastel by Mary Cassatt to its collection. Mathilde Holding Baby, Reaching out to Right represents not only a medium for which the native Pittsburgher is renowned, but it’s also an early, energetic example of the artist experimenting with what would become her signature subject: mother and child. The sitter is Mathilde Valet, the artist’s housekeeper and companion for many decades. While her hands are intertwined, Mathilde’s expression is ambiguous, and the baby appears to be reaching for something just beyond the frame—a compositional strategy the artist used across a range of subjects, in a sense teasing the viewer. Cassatt was one of three women and the only American to show with the French Impressionists. The museum collects her work in depth, with a painting and 19 prints also part of its collection. Impressionists. The museum collects her work in depth, with a painting and 19 prints also part of its collection. Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol (cover design), Some/thing – Vol. 2, no. 1 (Winter 1966), 1966, The Andy Warhol Museum; Gift of Jay Reeg   
Cover of some/thing by Andy Warhol Andy Warhol was famously ambiguous when asked about the meaning or intent of his artwork. But if you pay attention, says Matt Gray, manager of The Warhol’s archives, you can piece together many of the artist’s social and political beliefs. When David Antin, the editor of underground poetry magazine some/thing, approached Warhol about designing the publication’s winter 1966 cover, an issue all about the Vietnam War, Antin suggested that the artist use a popular pro-war slogan—with a twist. The idea was to get war supporters to pick up the magazine and read it, Antin wrote in Design Observer, only to be greeted by anti-war poetry by the likes of Allen Ginsberg. Warhol, who originally pitched a Vietcong flag for the cover, didn’t disappoint. He created perforated sheets of real glue-backed stamps for the front and back covers that scream “Bomb Hanoi” and could be conveniently torn out and pasted on telephone poles or subway walls. Share this Object:                        
Champion Ador Tipp Topp (“Cecil”) 1921-1930, 1931, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Cecil
Cecil, the “guard dog” for Andy Warhol’s Factory, appeared in photos with the artist’s Superstars and in his series of dog paintings. Procured from an antiques shop around 1970, the stuffed Great Dane was said to have belonged to legendary film director Cecil B. DeMille, hence his name. But as a canine photographer and genealogist discovered two decades later, Cecil’s pedigree was far more impressive. His true name was Ador Tipp Topp, and he worked the dog show circuit, taking home the 1924 Westminster Kennel Club Best of Breed crown. The showstopper died in 1930, and his taxidermied remains were gifted to the Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History, where the specimen obediently stayed until the mid-’40s. His afterlife journey eventually took him to the antiques store, where he acquired the famous name and famous owner. When Warhol died, Cecil found his eternal resting place at The Andy Warhol Museum.  Share this Object:                      Red-Necked Keelback, Collected In 1872
In its wonderfully creepy Alcohol House, Carnegie Museum of Natural History boasts about 230,000 reptiles and amphibians from 160 countries—95% of them fluid-preserved in jars. Each is a scientific time capsule, which is why researchers across the globe use them to study the ecology and evolution of species and their environments. Jennifer Sheridan, curator of amphibians and reptiles at the museum, recalls sleuthing for specimens from Southeast Asia when she came across a common snake known as Rhabdophis subminiatus (or red-necked keelback), that hailed from an uncommon locality—Java, Indonesia. “The exact location detail is what caught my eye,” Sheridan notes; “the island of Ternate, where British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace was when he wrote his famous letter to Charles Darwin in 1858, explaining to Darwin his idea of evolution by natural selection.” While traveling across Indonesia, Wallace had noticed a distinct change in the species of plants and animals found in two neighboring island groupings. Darwin would later jointly publish his own work on the topic alongside Wallace’s. While the date of the specimen, 1872, is 10 years shy of being linked to Wallace’s work on the island (he left a decade earlier), it’s among the oldest in the museum’s collection.  Share this Object:                      Freshwater Seal Holotype
In 1935, Carnegie Museum of Natural History Curator of Mammals J. Kenneth Doutt first saw evidence of an uncommon find while doing fieldwork in Quebec, Canada. He observed an Inuit man carrying a sealskin bag with fur he had never seen. There were local rumors of a freshwater seal, but it would take another three years and a well-planned winter expedition to find this mammal, previously unknown to science. Joined by Curator of Ornithology Arthur Twomey and Inuit guides, they trekked into the poorly mapped interior of Quebec to a chain of freshwater lakes where the elusive Ungava harbor seal, an uncommon freshwater relative of the better-known Atlantic harbor seal, was said to live. For the next eight months, they, too, called the Ungava Peninsula and Hudson Bay home. Upon their triumphant return to Pittsburgh, the pair brought with them the holotype, or the original specimen used to name the new subspecies of freshwater seal. In the 1980s, to help inform the new Wyckoff Hall of Arctic Life, museum staff retraced Doutt’s steps, and met Inuit people who remembered the 1938 fieldwork fondly. Share this Object:                      E-Motion
Is it searching for signs of alien life in space? Not quite. Also known as the weather cone, Carnegie Science Center’s trademark E-Motion cone was designed by New York architect Shashi Caan and lighting designer Matthew Tanteri. Hard to miss at 66 feet wide and 44 feet tall, the illuminating sculpture was installed in 2000 atop The Rangos Giant Cinema as a weather beacon for Pittsburgh. Its computerized lighting system, controlled by the Science Center’s weather partner, WTAE-TV, displays different colored lights based on the weather forecast: red for warmer weather, blue for cooler, green for no change, and yellow for a rain or snow warning.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Women and Produce Truck, 1946, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Women and Produce Truck by Andy Warhol Before he became a household name, Andy Warhol almost flunked out of art school at Carnegie Institute of Technology, now Carnegie Mellon University. At the end of his freshman year in 1946, Warhol’s instructors put him on academic probation, calling his style too primitive. That summer, the artist honed his skills by following brother Paul, who sold produce from a truck. Traveling the streets of his childhood neighborhood of South Oakland, Warhol sketched the women who bought the fruits and vegetables. While the drawings were considered conformist by Warhol’s standards, they were in line with what was considered beautiful at the time. The early sketches helped Warhol establish himself as a star student. That fall, he won the Martin B. Leisser Prize and had the works exhibited in the college’s fine arts gallery.  Share this Object:                      Andy Warhol’s Gravesite
To the surprise of many, Andy Warhol is buried near his parents, Julia and Andrej Warhola, in the small St. John the Baptist Byzantine Catholic Cemetery in the suburb of Bethel Park, just south of Pittsburgh. Long a mecca for fans carrying with them Campbell’s soup cans, rosaries, personal letters, birthday cakes, and more, in 2013 The Andy Warhol Museum teamed up with EarthCam to make the gravesite viewable 24/7. At one time, the website hosting the live webcam allowed viewers to order offerings, and takers were given a time of day to observe their delivery. It’s all very Warholian—watching the final resting place of a man who liked to watch. Warhol, after all, pioneered motion pictures of motionless subjects and foretold, for good or bad, reality TV. In 2020, artist Madelyn Roehrig published Andy, Can You Hear Us?, a quirky celebration of the famous artist’s vibrant afterlife as depicted by the inspired visitors to his gravesite since 2009. Share this Object:                      Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood Home
You can’t find it on a map. But the Neighborhood of Make-Believe still exists—beyond our imagination, of course—within Carnegie Science Center’s Miniature Railroad & Village®. The creation of Pittsburgh’s own Fred Rogers, Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood first aired on WQED in 1966. Over the course of 30-plus years and 895 episodes, the landmark show was an educational haven for children and their parents. On March 19, 2005, the day before what would have been Rogers’ 77th birthday, a tiny replica of Mister Rogers’ house—made entirely out of beeswax—found a home in the popular Science Center exhibit. There, the red trolley perpetually passes by as Fred himself, clad in his signature red cardigan and blue sneakers and flanked by two children, sits on the front-porch swing.  Share this Object:                      Pirate Parrot The Science Experiment
On October 5, 2015, days before the Pittsburgh Pirates played their wild-card game against the Chicago Cubs, the Pirate Parrot flew into the stratosphere and back. Not the real team mascot; rather, a plush Pirate Parrot toy launched inside a weather balloon from PNC Park, all in the name of out-of-this-world science. Students strapped the stuffed bird to the balloon as part of a collaboration between Carnegie Science Center’s Science on the Road program and education-based company StratoStar, launching the bird to an altitude of 96,000 feet—about three times higher than most commercial airplanes fly. High-definition cameras caught every minute of the flight, as the plush parrot peaked 18 miles above Earth’s surface, the curvature of the planet visible. The helium-filled balloon carried sensors measuring temperature, altitude, speed, and spin rate before popping, and a parachute guided the parrot back to Earth, where a team recovered it from a tree in Cranberry Township, about 15 miles from the ballpark. Share this Object:                      3D-Printed Prosthetic Hand
In 2016, Carnegie Science Center’s BNY Mellon Fab Lab partnered with e-NABLING the Future, a global community of more than 1,500 volunteers, to make 3D-printed prosthetic hands. After a few months of training in the Science Center’s popular maker space, about a dozen area high school students got the chance to craft the prosthetic hands, which look like they might belong to a superhero. The students then led a group of community volunteeers in assembling the fully functional limbs, which were sent free of charge to children throughout the world who are missing all or part of their hands due to injuries from violent conflicts or disease. Share this Object:                        
Calvin Klein, Calvin Klein hooded leather jacket, 1980s, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.
Lottery ticket (Bingo, New York Lottery, June 13, 1995), 1995, The Andy Warhol Museum; Gift of David Bowie   
Andy Warhol’s Leather Jacket With David Bowie Lottery Ticket
Tucked inside Box C25 (C stands for clothing) in The Andy Warhol Museum archives are the last personal items Andy Warhol touched. He wore or carried them with him to New York Hospital in Manhattan, where he died on February 22, 1987, two days after having his gallbladder removed. Among the items: documents from the hospital and this hooded Calvin Klein leather jacket, the receipt for the artist’s $2.40 taxicab ride to the hospital at 4:48 p.m. on February 19 folded inside its pocket. It’s the same jacket Warhol wore one month earlier to the opening of his final exhibition during his lifetime, Warhol—Il Cenacolo-, at Milan’s Palazzo delle Stelline (underneath it he sported a hoodie for the softball team of Ford Modeling Agency). The jacket would be worn by one other person after Warhol’s passing—David Bowie, when in 1996 the glam rock icon played Warhol in the film Basquiat. The museum agreed to lend one of Warhol’s wigs and the leather jacket to Bowie, a big fan of Warhol’s. When he returned the jacket, placed inside the pocket this time: a New York state bingo scratch-off ticket (a $5 winner), signed and dated by Bowie.  Share this Object:                      Bob Leberman’s Banding Kit
In 2021, Powdermill Nature Reserve’s world-renowned bird-banding program turned 60, having captured and released some 200 species of 800,000 individual birds! This original banding kit was used by late program founder Bob Leberman, a largely self-taught ornithologist who in 2004 retired after serving 43 years as senior bird bander. In the early years, Leberman had no physical lab, so Albert C. Lloyd, Leberman’s first banding assistant, designed and built this banding box as a convenient way for Leberman to carry supplies and later to organize the tiny silver bird bands at a stationary desk. He would attach the most-used band sizes to the screws on the outside of the box, and store larger, infrequently used sizes inside, along with the pliers he used to gently close the bands around birds’ legs. Finally, he would include the all-important data sheets used for recording a wealth of information about each capture—species, age, sex, wing length, fat deposits, and body mass. Today, the same process still takes under a minute, with the specs for each bird entered directly into a database. Share this Object:                      Hoops
Kids and grown-ups alike stared in awe at Hoops. The 3-ton orange robotic basketball arm could do what no human could do—make nearly 94% of its free throws. In its center court spot at Carnegie Science Center, Hoops was a phenom, effortlessly making behind-the-back, 22-foot throws. Built in 1995 as a welding arm for the automotive industry, it debuted at the Science Center the following year as the world’s first professional-grade basketball-shooting robot. After making road trips as a loaner to other museums, Hoops returned home in 2009 as a star attraction of roboworld®. But like any aging athlete, time took its toll on Hoops, its accuracy eventually slipping to about 60%. The museum struggled to find replacement parts for the robot, so in 2017 it was upgraded to a new, sleeker robotic arm, now dazzling a new generation.  Share this Object:                        
Pinhole glasses, 1950s, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Warhol’s Pinhole Sunglasses
Andy Warhol was nearsighted, and in the 1950s he tried a new unproven method of corrective vision: pinhole sunglasses, similar to a pair of dark sunglasses with multiple small pinholes punched through each lens. Makers of the eyewear claimed in mass-market advertisements that they would improve vision by strengthening eye muscles, but the method was debunked shortly after Warhol began wearing them. Discovered in the museum’s archives only recently as staff conducted research for Blake Gopnik’s 2020 biography Warhol, the pair of damaged sunglasses was among the final batch of archival material The Warhol acquired from The Andy Warhol Foundation, Inc., in 2014, the same year the foundation liquidated its art collection. A staff member and Gopnik took the lenses to an optometrist in Pittsburgh’s Market Square to learn more about them. It’s likely vanity motivated Warhol to give the eyewear a shot. Around the same time, he began doctoring photographs of himself and had the skin on his nose shaved. Share this Object:                        
Dan Johnson, Gazelle lounge chair, 1956-1960, Carnegie Museum of Art, Women’s Committee Acquisition Fund   
Gazelle Lounge Chair
When you explore Carnegie Museum of Art’s much-loved collection of chairs, what draws you in? Their material or functionality? Based on looks alone, Rachel Delphia, the museum’s Alan G. and Jane A. Lehman Curator of Decorative Arts and Design, says one of her favorites is this whimsical Gazelle chair, named for its gracefully abstracted animal silhouette. California designer Dan Johnson made a series of furniture pieces in which this animal, cast in metal, forms the supporting elements. Can you spot the gazelles? Start at the top, says Delphia, to find the antlers, the elongated faces, and the animals’ stance.  Share this Object:                      Walking Man by Alberto Giacometti Since joining Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection as a prize winner in the 1961 Carnegie International, Alberto Giacometti’s bronze Walking Man I has, figuratively speaking, been in constant motion. Standing 6 feet tall and looking alarmingly thin, his forward-leaning posture suggests he has somewhere to go and must keep moving forward. Although the Swiss-born artist’s practice included paintings and printmaking, it was his iconic series of sculptures that moved him to the forefront of 20th-century art. Nearly 45 years after his death, a Giacometti Walking Man statue—one cast from the same lot as the Carnegie’s—was sold to an anonymous bidder for a staggering $104.3 million.  Share this Object:                      The Cloud Factory
In reality, the Bellefield Boiler Plant is not in the business of producing clouds. Its purpose is much more practical. The three-story, Oakland-based facility was built in 1907 to power and heat the expanding Carnegie Museums and Library. Originally fueled by coal, the plant now runs exclusively on natural gas and is owned and operated by a consortium of eight neighboring Oakland institutions, including universities, hospitals, and Carnegie Museums. Nestled in the valley below Schenley Park Bridge, the building itself is easy to miss. However, the white, fluffy clouds billowing from its tall smokestack—the result of hot water vapor coming into contact with colder air—captured the imagination of then-University of Pittsburgh student Michael Chabon. In his 1988 book The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, the Pulitzer Prize-winning author dubbed the plant the Cloud Factory. And, so it remains in the hearts and minds of local residents. Share this Object:                      Maria
In Fritz Lang’s 1927 silent German film Metropolis, an industrial magnate bestows upon a tin-plated “man-machine” the face of a real woman named Maria who had stolen the affections of most of the workers in the fictional, turn-of-the-19th-century city. In this futuristic deliberation on the relationship between labor and management, Lang’s Maria looks like a human but lacks any sense of humanity. And, for much of the 20th century, this depiction of robots, however lifelike the rendering, was the norm. In 2009, Carnegie Science Center’s roboworld® provided the first physical home for the world’s most famous imagined robots—Carnegie Mellon’s star-studded Robot Hall of Fame. The replicas on display are a tribute to the fictional machines that helped spark the visions of those who created the real robots that followed. Real or not, Maria remains one of the most powerful female images in film history.  Share this Object:                        
George W. Bellows, Anne in White, 1920, Carnegie Museum of Art, Patrons Art Fund   
Anne in White by George Bellows Best known for his depictions of the bustling urban landscape and boxing matches in the backrooms of bars in New York City, realist painter George Bellows also made masterful likenesses of his wife, Emma Story, and their two daughters, Anne and Jean. In February 2020, Anne’s daughter, Marianne S. Kearney, donated to Carnegie Museum of Art the blue silk sash her mother wore in the 1920 portrait Anne in White, one of six works by Bellows in the museum’s collection. For the last 14 years of her life, Anne lived in Upper St. Clair and would visit the museum to spend time with the portrait, which was her favorite. “In later years, when she showed me and talked about the blue silk sash, it was easy to see that the sight of it took her to a happy time and place when she had the undivided attention of the father she adored,” wrote Kearney in a letter to the museum. “He gave back to her a portrait of a lanky 9-year-old made beautiful with skilled hands and the eyes of love.” Bellows, who was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio, was regarded by many as one of America’s greatest artists when he died at age 42 from a ruptured appendix.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Brillo Soap Pads Box, 1964, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Brillo Boxes by Andy Warhol In 1964, when Andy Warhol’s Brillo Boxes debuted at the Stable Gallery in New York, collectors and critics were perplexed, and maybe a little annoyed. “Is this art?” they asked. Warhol’s now-famous installation featured 80 plywood boxes, identical in size and shape to the shipping cartons sold in grocery stores, which he and two studio assistants painted and silkscreened with spot-on consumer product logos: Campbell’s Tomato Juice, Kellogg’s Corn Flakes, Brillo Soap Pads, Mott’s Apple Juice, Del Monte Peach Halves, and Heinz Tomato Ketchup. They were virtually indistinguishable from their real-world cardboard counterparts and stacked as if crammed into a grocery store warehouse. The artist envisioned people buying them and walking down Madison Avenue with the boxes under their arms, but they didn’t sell well. The joke, of course, is on the critics: In 2010, a signed Brillo Box sold for $3 million.  Share this Object:                      Pennsylvania Land Snail
Pennsylvania land snails, which include more than 100 species of both shelled animals and slugs, are found almost everywhere, yet the public knows little about them. They’re important ecologically, providing food for all sorts of mammals, birds, and insects, while they themselves do the critical work of munching on decomposing vegetation. George H. Clapp, a founder of what is now Alcoa and a trustee of Carnegie Museums for more than half a century, collected many things, and shells were a true passion. Shortly after the museum opened, Clapp donated his personal collection of some 300,000 mollusks, with a focus on land snails (including these Mesodon thyroidus from Pennsylvania)—mightily contributing to the foundation of the museum’s collection that now includes nearly 2 million specimens and boasts more land and freshwater snails from the Keystone State than all other U.S. museums combined. Those numbers continue to grow, as curator Tim Pearce and a small band of volunteers work on a definitive census of the state’s land snails.  Share this Object:                      Astronaut Mike Fincke’s T-shirt
Astronaut and Emsworth native Mike Fincke has logged nearly 382 days in orbit during his three space missions. During those flights, he conducted important scientific experiments, performed critical spacewalks, and enthusiastically waved the Terrible Towel in support of his hometown team, the Pittsburgh Steelers. That towel, along with the “I Love Carnegie Science Center, Pittsburgh, PA” T-shirt he wore while aboard the International Space Station, has since landed in the Science Center’s SpacePlace exhibit, which also features the hometown hero’s flight suits, gloves, watches, flip charts, and mission books. As a kid growing up not far from the city, Fincke spent endless hours in the Buhl Planetarium learning—and dreaming—about the stars. Now, he’s hoping to inspire the next generation of explorers to follow their own dreams.  Share this Object:                      The Neapolitan presepio It’s an elaborate Italian street scene seemingly captured mid-breath. Carnegie Museum of Art’s Neapolitan presepio shows merchants selling their wares, a marching band in full stride, animals mingling among the residents, both human and heavenly—some seemingly oblivious to the newborn Christ child and his parents. Popularized in the 18th century, presepi were often commissioned by wealthy Neapolitans to celebrate one of the most important holidays in the Catholic faith, situated within present-day Naples. The craftmanship of the day remains impressive some 300 years later, from the textiles used—including silk damask and denim twill—to the tiny props of cheeses molded from clay and fruits and vegetables sculpted in wax. For the past 65 years and counting, the day after Thanksgiving marks the unveiling of this annual exhibition. Following tradition, every year curators rearrange the elements to create the panorama anew. At more than 200 pieces, it’s one of the most complete sets in the world. Share this Object:                      The Red Couch
Once a fixture at Andy Warhol’s Silver Factory, the now-legendary red velvet couch first made famous in one of the artist’s underground films was trash turned treasure. It was discovered in early 1964, abandoned on the curb in front of the YMCA located across the street from Warhol’s original studio on East 47th Street. No doubt it was destined to become rubbish until Warhol collaborator Billy Name, the man who literally put the silver in the Silver Factory, recognized its charm and, utilizing its rollers, simply pushed it into an elevator to get it into Warhol’s fourth-floor space. The couch soon became the preferred place for overnight guests to crash, and a favorite focal point for many of Name’s well-known photographs. A few years later, the couch was lost in much the same way it was found: The Silver Factory was on the move to a new location in Union Square, and the red icon was left unattended on the curb, never to be seen again. Nowadays, visitors to The Andy Warhol Museum are greeted by a faithful reproduction in the museum’s entrance space. The couch continues to beckon the famous (rap mogul Jay-Z is pictured) and those yet to claim their 15 minutes to take a seat—and a picture.  Share this Object:                      The Observatory
On select clear nights, visitors to the Henry Buhl, Jr. Planetarium & Observatory at Carnegie Science Center can go to the fifth-floor observation deck, peer through a Meade LX200 Schmidt-Cassegrain telescope, and get an up-close view of amazing celestial wonders. If the stars and planets are aligned, they may even catch a glimpse of Saturn’s rings or the surface of the moon. During the SkyWatch program, amateur stargazers begin the evening with a virtual view of the night sky inside the newly updated Buhl Planetarium. Then they head up to the observatory to try and spy the real deal in the night sky. Science Center staff are on hand to chat about what they see through the high-powered 16-inch telescope that’s provided, or guests are invited to bring their own telescopes for an unforgettable night beneath the stars.  Share this Object:                        
Zanele Muholi, Zimaseka “Zim” Salusalu, Gugulethu, Cape Town, 2011, Carnegie Museum of Art; A. W. Mellon Acquisition Endowment Fund © Zanele Muholi, Courtesy of the artist and Yancey Richardson Gallery   
Portrait of Zimaseka “Zim” Salusalu by Zanele Muholi A self-described visual activist, Zanele Muholi of South Africa has dedicated their career to promoting awareness of their country’s LGBTQI+ communities. Although South Africa legalized same-sex marriage in 2006, discrimination and violence against LGBTQI+ individuals remains widespread. Muholi’s photographs and the accompanying testimonies form a growing record of people risking their lives by living authentically in the face of oppression and persecution. “This is not art; this is life,” says Muholi. “Each and every photograph is someone’s biography.” Portraits from their series Faces and Phases, now numbering more than 300, appeared in the 2013 Carnegie International, including this one, which is part of Carnegie Museum of Art’s collection. Share this Object:                      Van de Graaff Generator
Just about every week during the school year, educators for Carnegie Science Center’s Science on the Road program perform science shows for a different elementary and middle school. In a typical year, the program reaches some 170,000 students. In one popular hair-raising lesson, educators pull out all the stops with a machine that makes the same kind of electricity that lightning makes: static electricity. An educator waves a silver wand toward a sputtering Van de Graaff generator, causing a white electric bolt to leap from it with a loud crack, eliciting “oooohs” from the audience. Then, to illustrate how lightning travels, students form a small line—the chain of pain—and link pinky fingers. The educator stands on a milk crate so that she isn’t grounded, and as she rests her hand on the generator, her hair stands on end. Laughter erupts. When she touches elbows with the first student in the line, a spark flies, and soon every child in the line pulls away from the surprise of the shock.  Share this Object:                      Pangolin
Despite their lizard-like appearance, pangolins are mammals that are often referred to as scaly anteaters. They have no teeth and lap up social insects like termites and ants with their sticky tongues—tongues that can grow as long as their bodies minus their tails. Pangolins can be covered in up to 1,000 protective scales—which, like human fingernails, are made of keratin—and their natural defense is to roll up into a ball. But there’s one predator they can’t seem to escape: humans. The weirdly wonderful pangolin is the most illegally trafficked animal in the world—mainly in Asia and in growing numbers in Africa—hunted by poachers for their meat and scales, which are used in traditional medicine practices. This taxidermy pangolin, most recently on view in Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s landmark exhibition We Are Nature: Living in the Anthropocene, is one of 27 in the museum’s care. Share this Object:                        
Dental Models, ca. 1982, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Warhol’s Dental Molds
Andy Warhol was a famous pack rat, stashing away direct-mail flyers, greasy wigs, and an assortment of other items he came across in his daily life. But even Warhol experts weren’t sure what to make of all the dental models he kept in his collection of random stuff. All they know is that one summer day in 1982, the artist and his assistant Jay Shriver walked into Columbia Dentoform Corp. on East 21st Street in New York City. They handed over $484 and walked out with an odd assortment of dental forms. Matt Wrbican, the late chief archivist for The Andy Warhol Museum and Warhol scholar extraordinaire, put the 144 objects on display at the North Shore museum in 2004. He said that it was a mystery why Warhol collected the models, some with teeth missing, others with removable teeth or no teeth at all. Wrbican wasn’t sure why Warhol was so fascinated with the curiosities coated in a soft aluminum-pewter sheen, but he speculated that they were related to the artist’s fascination with human anatomy, and his own physical imperfections. Share this Object:                        
Baculites fossil with L.W. Stilwell label.   
The Baron de Bayet Collection
Having gained infamy as the place where Wild Bill Hickok met his maker thanks to a gunshot in the back, the Deadwood, Dakota Territory, was not a place for the faint of heart. And yet, that’s where a frail, studious-looking Lucien Stilwell decided to settle in 1879. Looking to outrun a yellow fever outbreak, Stilwell headed west. By 1890, he had established his own thriving business selling fossils and minerals unearthed in the Badlands to world-class collectors like Baron de Bayet of Belgium. By the turn of the century, Bayet had amassed an assortment of 130,000 invertebrate fossils from more than 50 fossil collectors, 15 European countries, and 10 states—a collection sought by museums throughout Europe, Great Britain, and the United States. William Jacob Holland, Carnegie Museum’s second director, told Andrew Carnegie that the acquisition “will make our museum one of the Gibraltar’s of paleontological science in the world,” and it was indeed an early gem of the museum, with specimens exhibited in the dinosaur halls of 1907 and today. In a multiyear project, the museum’s section of invertebrate paleontology is now taking a fresh look at this somewhat hidden treasure. Share this Object:                        
Julia Warhola, Holy Cats by Andy Warhol’s Mother, 1960, The Andy Warhol Museum; Gift of Angela Heizmann Gilchrist in Memory of Catharine Stewart Dives   
Holy Cats by Andy Warhol’s Mother Having artistic talent herself, Julia Warhola recognized her youngest son Andy’s abilities from a young age and encouraged him to pursue his passion, including sending him to Saturday art classes at Carnegie Museum of Art. When Warhol moved to New York City in 1949, it wasn’t long before Julia joined him, and he began enlisting her to add her unique handwriting to hundreds of his drawings, advertisements, and book illustrations. Julia also loved to draw, with cats and angels as her favorite subjects. In 1956, the pair made a book about their cats, 25 Cats Name Sam and One Blue Pussy, featuring illustrations combining Andy’s blotted line drawings and calligraphy by Julia. When she left out the “d” in the book’s title, her son loved it and opted to keep it anyway. Four years later, Julia wrote and illustrated Holy Cats by Andy Warhol’s Mother.  Share this Object:                        
A print of Alice Patrick’s Women Do Get Weary, but They Don’t Give Up hangs in the Braddock municipal building.
Photo: Bryan Conley   
The Art Lending Collection
It was 1991 when artist Alice Patrick’s mural Women Do Get Weary, but They Don’t Give Up first loomed large on the National Council of Negro Women’s Los Angeles building. Some 20 years later, a smaller yet still powerful framed print of the work hung in the Braddock municipal building. Thanks to the Art Lending Collection, Women Do Get Weary is one of more than 160 artworks available to anyone with an Allegheny County library card to borrow, display, and enjoy for up to three weeks at a time—changing the dynamic of who gets to interpret and experience art. Now funded by the Heinz Endowments, the collection was the brainchild of Braddock-based artists Dana Bishop-Root, Leslie Stem, and Ruthie Stringer. Their idea took root as their contribution to the 2013 Carnegie International, with all exhibition artists contributing original artwork for the collection. Since then, it has grown to include donations from private collections, original works from local artists such as fellow Braddock resident Jim Kidd, people imprisoned at the South Fayette Correctional Institution, and framed posters of classics.  Share this Object:                      Saturday Art Classes
They’ve survived the Great Depression, a world war, the rise and fall of art movements from Cubism to Pop, and now a pandemic. For more than 90 years, Carnegie Museum of Art has continued the tradition of working with Pittsburgh’s young artists to help them hone technical skills and foster imagination at Saturday art classes. While the name of the classes changed through the decades—Tam O’Shanter, Palette, and, currently, The Art Connection—the artistic discovery they’ve awakened in generations of students, often within the same family, has remained the same. For a small number of students—Annie Dillard, Andy Warhol, Jeff Goldblum, and Mel Bochner, to name a few—the program was an early step on the way to international renown. For many others, the classes have been a magical family tradition.  Share this Object:                        
Photo: Bryan Conley   
Sol LeWitt’s Wall Drawings
The colorful geometric drawings that grace the staircase leading up to Carnegie Museum of Art’s Scaife Galleries are hand-painted. Just not by the artist himself. A pioneer of conceptual art, Sol LeWitt took a decidedly hands-off approach when it came to putting brush to canvas (or wall). He created art by developing an idea and producing written instructions for other artists, many trained in his studio, to carry out. He believed the input of others was part of the process, and even children have contributed to some of his public works in schools. The museum’s pair of side-by-side wall drawings were originally painted in the mid-1980s—LeWitt designed the second work once he saw the location of the first. Twenty-some years later, their colors faded by the natural light streaming in through the large window to the Sculpture Court, the murals were repainted by museum staff joined by local artists. The project took on new significance when the 78-year-old LeWitt died shortly after the repainting was completed in 2007.    Share this Object:                      Carnegie Science Award
For 25 years, Carnegie Science Center has recognized the region’s shining stars in science and technology—ingenious students, inspiring educators, and industry-changing entrepreneurs—at its annual Carnegie Science Awards. A panel of past awardees and industry leaders selects winners whose contributions have led to significant economic or societal advancements in western Pennsylvania. With the support of committed sponsors, a new addition for the 2021 awards is the recognition of champions in sustainability and science, technology, engineering, and math equity. Share this Object:                        
Photograph album (Andy Warhola’s childhood movie star scrapbook), ca. 1938-1941 © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc   
Andy Warhol’s Movie Star Scrapbook
Like a lot of kids growing up during the Great Depression and World War II, Warhola brothers Paul, John, and Andy would find refuge in the three movie theaters near their South Oakland home. Paying a nickel or two, they knew that as soon as the lights dimmed the screen would be illuminated with the celebrities of the day—Joan Crawford, Henry Fonda, Jane Russell, and Mae West among them. Andy was particularly star-struck. He convinced Paul to write letters requesting signed photos, and Andy would meticulously add every new arrival to his rapidly expanding scrapbook. The album filled to more than 30 pages, but the 1941 hand-colored photo signed, with typo included, “To Andrew Worhola, from Shirley Temple” took center stage, until at some point it was removed and later found in Time Capsule 61. Share this Object:                      Coltsfoot, Then and Now
On March 14, 1957, botanist Leroy Henry walked through the woodlands around Powdermill Nature Reserve, just one year after it was established as Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s field station, and collected coltsfoot, known scientifically as Tussilago farfara. To the untrained eye, the plant with yellow flowers might look like a common dandelion. But Henry, a former longtime curator of botany, knew what he had. Native to Europe, North Africa, and Asia, the coltsfoot has flowers that bloom in early spring, followed by leaves that look like—you guessed it—a colt’s foot, and they last well into the summer, making it a good species for research. In fact, the coltsfoot is among the first plants to be used in a pioneering study published in 2006 using herbarium specimens. In Southern Quebec, they found that coltsfoot bloomed 15–31 days earlier in recent decades, compared to pre-1950. Earlier blooming was strongly linked to climate change. It’s one of hundreds of plants highlighted in Collected on This Day, a weekly blog by Curator of Botany Mason Heberling that’s funded by the National Science Foundation and features the important scientific and cultural stories of the specimens in the museum’s herbarium, making clear why natural history collections help us understand the world around us. Share this Object:                      Binary Flip Clock
Visitors eating lunch in Carnegie Science Center’s RiverView Café may look up at what appears to be a modern wall sculpture made up of many plates. But wait. Those square plates are moving, flipping one after another, perfectly in sync. The plates, which are keeping the exact time, are the mechanical pieces of the largest binary flip clock ever created. Doug DeHaven, a mechatronics engineer at the North Shore museum, wanted to make a timepiece that was both visually interesting and functional for a new wall erected as part of the addition of the PPG Science Pavilion. But he didn’t want a clattering clock with noise that would disturb staff. So he dreamed up a mechanical creation consisting of three rows representing seconds, minutes, and hours—and, of course, a splash of artistry. Each column includes graphics that represent different ways humans count—from military time to Roman numerals, American Sign Language, and the programming language Scratch. Share this Object:                      Mallard Duck Decoys
North American hunters have used decoys for centuries. Indigenous Americans fashioned them from reeds, clay, and stuffed skins to lure migrating birds within range of their arrows and spears. European settlers observed the effectiveness of what were often quite rudimentary decoy rigs, such as duck skins wrapped over floating logs arranged to look like a wading bird and adopted the practice. By the early 19th century, both commercial and sport hunters were using carved wooden decoys. However, some hunters preferred real skin decoys known as “stuffers,” like these made by Whistler Brothers. They were popular during the Depression and donated to Carnegie Museum of Natural History in 1980 by benefactor Edward O’Neil. Made from farm-raised mallards, the skins were wrapped around cork bodies and heavily varnished so that they float, and lead weights were added to the undersides to allow them to float upright. “I always thought this was a cool form of taxidermy begun by Indigenous people and still used to some extent today,” says Stephen Rogers, collection manager for the section of birds and a taxidermist.  Share this Object:                      Dippy’s Scarves
Diplodocus carnegii, the long-necked star of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s world-famous collection of Jurassic giants, got its own public sculpture in 1999, celebrating a century since he was unearthed at Sheep Creek, Wyoming. That winter, Janice Heagy, former Carnegie Museums staff member, handmade Dippy a Jurassic-sized red and green scarf to mark the holiday season, kicking off a now-beloved Pittsburgh tradition—dapper Dippy dressed for the occasion: Steelers playoff football, Pitt move-in day, and LGBTQI+ Pride Month, to name a few. Dippy’s accessories have grown in number over the years to the point that he now has his own closet at the museum stuffed with at least 15 oversized scarves, lovingly made by both staff and volunteers. There’s also a top hat and bow tie, a mortarboard, and, most recently, several face masks. And every St. Patrick’s Day, Dippy celebrates the wearing of the green with his longest and most popular adornment measuring 18 feet long! Share this Object:                        
Photo: Joshua Franzos   
T. rex Holotype Despite their relatively puny arms, Tyrannosaurus rex had the jaw-dropping power of a 40-foot-long, 5-ton body. And their spiky teeth were sharp, efficient, and deadly. Roaming what is today the western U.S. and southwestern Canada in search of food, the meat-eating T. rex ruled some 68 to 66 million years ago during the late Cretaceous Period. But it wasn’t until 1902 that the holotype—the scientific name-bearing specimen and the one to which all others must be compared—was unearthed at Hell Creek, Montana. At the turn of the century, the competition among museums to discover and display dinosaur fossils was fierce. Young fossil hunter Barnum Brown was hired by New York’s American Museum of Natural History to lead its charge, and he did not disappoint. Over three years, he unearthed what was at the time a whole new species of dinosaur. But it didn’t take long before Brown moved on to bigger and better findings. His 1908 excavation of a more complete T. rex skeleton prompted the museum to move the holotype into storage, and in 1941, with a dwindling research budget, the American Museum sold the T. rex holotype to Carnegie Museum of Natural History. The price? $7,000 ($130,000 in today’s currency) for what is by definition the first fossil of the world’s most famous dinosaur. Share this Object:                        
Richard Serra, Carnegie, 1985, Given in memory of William R. Roesch by his wife Jane Holt Roesch © Richard Serra/Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York | Photo: Tom Little   
Carnegie by Richard Serra As the 1985 Carnegie International approached, sculptor Richard Serra was mired in controversy surrounding his public sculpture Tilted Arc. Some New Yorkers weren’t happy about having to negotiate its curving wall of raw steel outside the Jacob K. Javits Federal Building in Lower Manhattan. It prompted a local court battle to have the artwork removed and a national debate about the purpose and placement of public art. But when a massive crane arrived on Forbes Avenue in front of Carnegie Museum of Art to position the four Cor-Ten steel panels that would lean against each other to form Serra’s 40-foot tower titled Carnegie, no one voiced any concerns or objections. The reaction was quite the opposite. People were intrigued by the sculpture’s interesting edges and angles, not to mention its weathering patina. Serra’s Carnegie emerged as one of two winners of the prestigious Carnegie Prize and it still stands near the museum’s front door. Its title conveys the industrial legacy of art in Pittsburgh by recalling both the museum and its founder, Andrew Carnegie, whose U.S. Steel Corp. invented Cor-Ten steel.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Andy1, 1985, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Andy Warhol’s Amiga Digital Art
In 1985, the electronics company Commodore introduced the world to the then-revolutionary Amiga 1000 personal computer. Amid great fanfare that featured a full orchestra and tuxedo-clad employees, the PC took center stage at New York City’s Lincoln Center, accompanied by two revolutionaries in their own right—Andy Warhol and Blondie’s Debbie Harry. Never one to miss an opportunity to explore uncharted media, Warhol eagerly took on his new role as a Commodore brand ambassador. His assignment that day: Use the Amiga’s ProPaint software to create a portrait of Harry in real time in front of a live audience. Warhol accomplished that goal, and more. For decades, 28 of his digital works—among them, two self-portraits and the untitled renderings of a banana and Campbell’s soup can—existed only on floppy disks stored within The Warhol’s archives. Then in 2014, the museum, artist Cory Arcangel, Carnegie Museum of Art, and Carnegie Mellon University’s computer club set out to rescue the paintings from their decadeslong purgatory. After painstakingly reverse-engineering the program, the CMU squad revived Warhol’s digital images. In May 2021, five of them were minted and auctioned as nonfungible tokens by The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. and Christie’s. Share this Object:                        
Lynette Yiadom-Boakye, No Need of Speech, 2018, Purchase, gift of Mr. and Mrs. Richard M. Scaife, by exchange © Lynette Yiadom-Boakye. Courtesy of the artist, Jack Shainman Gallery, New York and Corvi-Mora, London.   
No Need of Speech by Lynette Yiadom-Boakye At first glance, Lynette Yiadom-Boakye’s timeless paintings seem to recall the classic style of portraitists who have come before her. And so, one might assume that her subjects, a predominantly Black cast of characters, sit for days as she studies their faces, gestures—their very souls. But the people who populate her world don’t exist in ours. They are manifestations of the British-Ghanaian artist’s imagination, composites of images found in scrapbooks and magazines, and hinted at in her own writings. The creation of each large oil-on-linen canvas usually begins and ends in one exhaustive eight-hour session. Yet despite that sense of immediacy, the paintings purposefully betray no sense of time or place. In 2018, she created 13 new works for that year’s Carnegie International—including No Need of Speech, now part of the museum’s collection—earning her the prestigious Carnegie Prize. Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Endangered Species: San Francisco Silverspot, 1983, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Andy Warhol’s Endangered Species series Luminaries such as Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor weren’t the only treasures to receive Andy Warhol’s silkscreened star treatment. The artist’s 1983 Endangered Species series features 10 creatures great (the African Elephant and Black Rhinoceros) and small (the San Francisco Silverspot and Pine Barrens Tree Frog) who, thanks to human behavior, had found themselves in a perilous position. Placed on the endangered species list, they were facing the very real possibility of extinction. The project started with a conversation between Warhol and the environmentally conscious art dealers Ronald and Frayda Feldman. The idea was to use the Pop icon’s celebrity status to call attention to the plight of animals around the world. Warhol deployed his signature style—choosing bold, vibrant colors for each portrait, prompting him to refer to the collection as “animals in makeup.” Unfortunately, eight of the 10 animals remain endangered.  Share this Object:                      Bontebok
In 1837, a farming family in South Africa’s Western Cape Province realized that the bontebok, an antelope native to the region and distinguished by its white markings and ringed antlers, was in danger of extinction. Knowing the animals couldn’t jump very high, they enclosed the few remaining bonteboks they could find using a simple 4-foot-tall fence. Thanks to this intervention and subsequent conservation efforts, the animal’s numbers have increased from just 17 to 158 in a national park in South Africa, and about 6,000 worldwide. The species is not out of the woods yet, though. In 2011, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service confiscated a bontebok from a shipment at Los Angeles International Airport that included 20 mounted mammals from South Africa. As is the agency’s policy, the mount of the endangered animal was not returned to its country of origin. It was offered to Carnegie Museum of Natural History as a teaching tool, making it one of the few on view in North America. It’s part of the museum’s Hall of African Wildlife and is the only animal on display to have been acquired while endangered. Many older dioramas include animals that, though endangered now, were hunted and collected legally, in some cases more than 100 years ago. Share this Object:                      Heartbeat Drum
First there’s the lub, then there’s the dub: the sounds of the heart at work. Although the heart—its four chambers, valves, and vessels—is essentially the same in all mammals,
its drumbeat pace is much more variable. Basically, the larger the creature, the slower the heart rate. Elephants: 30 beats per minute. Pygmy shrews: 1,300. Humans rest somewhere in the middle at 60 to 100. At Carnegie Science Center, you can hear the difference for yourself. As part of its interactive BodyWorks exhibition, which highlights the marvelous machine that is the human body, you can place your hands on a set of metal handprints and discover the answer to the question, “How fast is my heartbeat?”  Share this Object:                      Big Joe
It’s estimated that the art handlers at Carnegie Museum of Art move between 1,000 and 2,000 works of art each year, depending on the year’s activity. “Oddly, we’ll often handle the same object five or six times, and occasionally more, as we work through an accession, exhibition, or collections project,” says Mark Blatnik, the museum’s chief preparator. When an artwork is unusually large or heavy or in a tricky location, to protect both the art and the handlers, the team brings in “Big Joe,” a Class III electric walkie stacker, for an assist. Pictured here, the team installs Ary Scheffer’s 1851 masterwork depicting the swirling shades of entwined lovers Francesca and Paolo from Dante’s Inferno. They’re using a frame fashioned from an oversized painting cart (dubbed the S.S. Steve for its creator) to provide support and security for the painting, while Big Joe provides the muscle to make the lift. Purchased with funds from Carnegie Museum of Art’s Women’s Committee, the equipment is key to the art of moving artwork safely.    Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Julia Warhola, 1974, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Julia Warhola by Andy Warhol There is an intimacy in Andy Warhol’s portraits of his mother, Julia Warhola, that distinguishes them from his other works. Julia was a constant in Andy’s life, overseeing his religious upbringing in the Byzantine Catholic faith and taking care of his many medical needs as a child. An artist herself, Julia quickly recognized and nurtured her youngest son’s talent, making sure he went to college to study art. Following his graduation, she soon joined him in New York City where the two not only became roommates—an arrangement that lasted nearly two decades—but also artistic collaborators. Julia’s decorative handwriting was a factor in Warhol’s early commercial success. Still, there’s more to the portraits than history. Completed just two years after her death in 1972, the paintings show the artist’s mother in full “Bubba” mode, complete with apron and granny glasses. The color palette is muted, in sharp contrast to Warhol’s famous electric celebrity portraits. And, perhaps most striking of all, Warhol made embellishments using his fingers, which are visible around his mother’s head and shoulders, a rare hands-on approach for the artist.  Share this Object:                      The Water Table
One of Carnegie Science Center’s most popular spots for its youngest explorers involves dropping a line in a fishing pond and keeping boats afloat in a clawfoot bathtub. Part of the Little Learner’s Clubhouse on the fourth floor, the water table is a great place for making real-world connections to water sources we use every day—and a splash. No water table at home? No problem. A bathtub and a few plastic containers can also make a great science lab. Share this Object:                      John Snow, an African Pied Crow
The pied crow is an adaptable bird that can be spotted from Sub-Saharan Africa down to the Cape of Good Hope, Madagascar, and Zanzibar. Black with a distinctive white patch that wraps around its body like a vest, it can also be found at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Nicknamed John Snow after the Game of Thrones character, the museum’s pied crow is one of the stars of its Living Collection, a group of animal ambassadors that teach visitors about their wild counterparts. Like other crows and ravens, the pied crow is highly intelligent, and John’s animal handlers say he’s easily the brainiest in the collection. Recent studies show that birds belonging to the genus Corvus, including the pied crow, have the same cognitive function as children ages 5 to 7. They’re able to mimic sounds and speech like some parrots, and John knows several phrases, including “good boy,” “baby bird,” and “I love you.” Share this Object:                      Sports Challenge at Highmark SportsWorks
Run, bounce, spin, fly—and learn—is the mantra at Highmark SportsWorks®. In sports-obsessed Pittsburgh, it’s fitting that Carnegie Science Center filled an entire building with experiences that are also a gateway to the physics, anatomy, biology, and even chemistry behind popular sports. Adjacent to the main museum, the attraction includes a section called Sports Challenge, in which visitors can test themselves against the skills of elite athletes, all the while learning techniques for improving performance through better nutrition and safe warmup exercises. Those who want to test their speed can run the 10-meter dash down the track, chasing a hologram of Lauryn Williams, local track star and Olympic silver medalist. Competitors can check their reflexes against an NHL goalie with a whack-a-mole-style game. And one of the newest Olympic sports to debut in Tokyo, skateboarding, is featured in an exhibit that challenges visitors to adjust their center of gravity to keep them from falling off the board as they “hang 10.” Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Flowers, 1964, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Flowers by Andy Warhol “The reason I’m painting this way,” Andy Warhol famously told ARTnews in 1962, “is that I want to be a machine.” The machine-like method he was referring to is photographic silkscreen printing, a process that allowed him to quickly reproduce images en masse. For his iconic Flowers series, Warhol set his sights on a photograph of four hibiscus flowers in Modern Photography magazine taken by Patricia Caulfield. Changing its contrast and cropping the image into a square format, Warhol sent it to a commercial silkscreen maker with exacting specifications. Then, with the help of assistants, he copied it across more than 500 canvases, methodically producing paintings in different sizes—mirroring the options of small, medium, large, and extra-large in consumer culture—but with each new reproduction he would apply his own signature style. Caulfield was not amused. She sued Warhol but ultimately settled out of court for a reported $6,000, two paintings, and future royalties. When the canvases were exhibited in Paris and New York in 1964 and 1965, Warhol exploited the serial arrangement and variation in the series by responding to the architecture of each gallery and installing the works in floor-to-ceiling grids, resulting in an immersive environment. Share this Object:                      Storyteller by Helen Cordero
Potter Helen Cordero, who was born in 1915 in Cochiti Pueblo, New Mexico, is known for her popular storyteller figures from Cochiti folklore. She formed the figures from clay found around her home and fired them over an open cedar flame. Inspired by memories of her paternal grandfather, a Cochiti storyteller who Cordero says was always surrounded by small children, she created many likenesses similar to the storyteller on view in Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Alcoa Foundation Hall of American Indians. She said of her grandfather, “He would put us on his lap or wherever we could sit. His eyes are closed because he was thinking; his mouth is open because he is chanting or telling stories.” In 1964, when she sold her then-experimental storyteller figures based on her “singing mother” motif, Cordero’s work helped revive interest in Pueblo pottery. Her figures have been exhibited in museums across the U.S. and Canada.  Share this Object:                        
Image courtesy Jeff Brown   
Velvet Long-Horned Beetle
Behind the scenes in Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s world-famous bug rooms, a small group of researchers screen and identify some 60,000 insects each year as part of the museum’s Biodiversity Services Facility (BSF). Their charge: Detect unwanted invasive species —think moths and bark- and wood-boring beetles—that can cause billions of dollars in damage to crops and forests. What the museum has to offer is quite unique: a massive comparative collection and the expertise to translate it. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and numerous state departments of agriculture set insect traps, collect the raw samples, and then ship their catches to the museum’s expert entomologists, who check the insects against the USDA’s National Priority Pest List and an ever-increasing target list of worrisome species. The velvet long-horned beetle is just one example of a species introduced to the United States and detected in BSF samples. Native to the Old World, it’s monitored and managed by states, as it infests fruit, forest, and ornamental trees, damaging both timber and lumber.
. Share this Object:                      Teeny tiny trees
People visit Carnegie Science Center’s Miniature Railroad & Village® to see the sights: the historically accurate and meticulously crafted replicas of some of the region’s most significant and beloved landmarks—Fallingwater, Forbes Field, and Kaufmann’s department store among them. But what about the famous display’s trees—all 250,000 of them? They infuse each scene with a sense of vitality and reality. Some trees are in full summer mode, while others are showing off the changing hues of fall; each one is handmade, a feat that can take hours to complete. The process starts with the twisting and bending of a copper wire to form the trunk and limbs. Flower tops from dried hydrangea plants harvested every autumn by Science Center staffers are then affixed with hot glue. Finally, the trunk and branches are coated with a layer of hot beeswax to mimic bark. The result: a one-of-a-kind tiny tree.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Tunafish Disaster, 1963, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Tunafish Disaster by Andy Warhol The April 1, 1963, edition of Newsweek contained an article about a contaminated can of tuna that killed two housewives in suburban Detroit. Andy Warhol, news junkie that he was, ripped the photo from the headlines and appropriated it for his art. In his painting of the same year titled Tunafish Disaster, he repeated the image of the tuna can with its cutoff caption seven times on a silver background. Well before the advent of social media, the Pop art innovator instinctively understood the power of mass media. He plucked images from other horrific scenes—car crashes, nuclear explosions, suicides—for his Death and Disaster series, and he used a gruesome kind of repetition in works such as his Electric Chair series to convey the way society has become numb to it. In an interview with ARTnews, Warhol explained that he began the series when he read the front page of a newspaper chronicling a plane crash. It read: 129 Die. “I realized that everything I was doing must have been Death. … Every time you turned on the radio they said something like ‘4 million are going to die.’ That started it. But when you see a gruesome picture over and over again, it really doesn’t have any effect.” Share this Object:                      Gorilla (formerly known as George)
He was born in Gabon, West Africa, but after being captured at a young age in the 1960s he spent most of his 14 years in zoos, initially in Copenhagen, Denmark, and then for a decade at the Pittsburgh Zoo. Growing to a remarkable 350 pounds, the silverback western lowland gorilla was known simply as George to a generation of Pittsburghers, many of whom still remember his playful antics at the zoo. Although the animal died unexpectedly in 1979 from complications of an infected tooth, thanks to skilled taxidermists he found new life in Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s Hall of African Wildlife. His silence speaks to new generations. It serves as a warning that all gorillas are in danger of extinction as humans continue to illegally hunt them and invade their natural habitats.     Share this Object:                        
Dan Graham, Heart Pavilion, 1991, A. W. Mellon Acquisition Endowment Fund and Carnegie International Acquisition Fund © Dan Graham. By permission</sp   
Heart Pavilion by Dan Graham The heart-shaped aluminum and glass structure created by Dan Graham for the 1991 Carnegie International is a visitor favorite in Carnegie Museum of Art’s Scaife Galleries. At first glance, the nearly 8-foot-tall and 14-foot-wide installation projects the architectural gravitas and cool detachment of an urban skyscraper. But as viewers inch closer, its surface—both transparent and reflective—provides a much more intimate experience. As visitors wander in and around the Heart Pavilion, they see their own reflections and watch as total strangers enter the space, becoming an integral part of the installation. “My pavilions derive their meaning from the people who look at themselves and others, and who are being looked at themselves,” said Graham, a seminal figure in contemporary art. “Without people in them, they might look a bit like minimal-art sculptures, but that’s not what they’re meant to be.”  Share this Object:                      Tools for tracking birds
Powdermill Avian Research Center has always sought to provide a bird’s eye view of the world. Established 60 years ago as part of Powdermill Nature Reserve, Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s environmental research center, it reached a remarkable milestone    in the summer of 2021 when it banded its 800,000th bird. Each tiny aluminum bracelet bearing a nine-digit identification number and slipped onto a bird’s leg gives avian researchers a crucial snapshot of bird populations and their migration patterns. And while banding is invaluable for long-term studies, it only tells us something when a bird is caught by another researcher or found dead by someone who knows to submit the data online. We don’t know where they go on their journey, and why. By using the emerging technology known as Motus Wildlife Tracking, Powdermill researchers are now also receiving real-time data by attaching tiny, lightweight transmitters to birds. Paired with a large-scale network of receiving stations, radios can pick up the signal from a transmitter up to 9 miles away. Because each transmitter produces a unique ping, a bird wearing one is under surveillance everywhere it goes, sometimes for life.  Share this Object:                        
John Kane, Bloomfield Bridge, c. 1930, Carnegie Museum of Art, Gift of Mr. and Mrs. James H. Beal   
Bloomfield Bridge by John Kane John Kane, who emigrated from Scotland in the late 1870s at age 19, helped build industrial Pittsburgh by performing backbreaking labor. In the aftermath of a freak accident in which he severed his leg at age 31, he increasingly turned to his childhood love of drawing. With no professional training, it seemed unlikely that his art would ever be recognized. But when Kane was 67, one of his paintings was accepted into Carnegie Museum of Art’s International Exhibition of Paintings, now known as the Carnegie International. Breaking into the prestigious exhibition in 1927—his second attempt after being rejected the previous year—wasn’t a fluke. Kane’s artwork appeared in the show six more times and was quickly added to the collections of not only Carnegie Museum of Art (which houses 17 of his paintings and four drawings) but also New York’s Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and the Art Institute of Chicago. Many of Kane’s paintings depict classic Pittsburgh scenes—like his portrayal of the Bloomfield Bridge—in a hopeful light. Asked why Pittsburgh was his muse, Kane replied: “I helped to build its steel mills and homes; I paved its streets, made its steel, and painted its houses. It is my city; why shouldn’t I paint it?”  Share this Object:                      50-million-year-old Fossil Fish
Three years before Diplodocus carnegii (aka Dippy) captured Andrew Carnegie’s imagination, a roughly 50-million-year-old fish fossil became the first specimen to enter Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s vertebrate paleontology collection, now world-famous for its Jurassic dinosaurs. Donated by Frank F. Nicola in 1896, the fossil was discovered in the Green River Formation in Wyoming, one of the most important sites for understanding the Eocene Epoch. While the collection that spans a staggering 465 million years is heralded for its dinosaurs, they account for only a small fraction of its holdings, with a surprising 79% being mammals, 12% fish, 5% reptiles—including an impressive 760 dinosaur fossils—3% amphibians, and 1% birds. Fossil fish are a strength of the collection due largely to the early purchase of the Baron de Bayet Collection, one of the finest groupings of European fossils in North America, complete with ancient plants, squid and cuttlefish relatives, and flying insects. William J. Holland, the museum’s second director, told Carnegie that the 1903 acquisition “will make our museum one of the Gibraltars of paleontological science in the world,” and many of the specimens are on view today in Dinosaurs in Their Time.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Self-Portrait, ca. 1953, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Self-Portrait by Andy Warhol Andy Warhol traced this 1953 self-portrait from a photograph taken by Otto Fenn, but it’s not a unique image. He repeated this pose with other photographers including McKeesport native Duane Michals and Edward Wallowitch, one of his earliest boyfriends. “This portrait reminds me of the struggles and rejection that Warhol faced during his entrée into New York’s elite art scene,” says Jessica Beck, The Warhol’s Milton Fine Curator of Art. “But it also speaks to his youthful, unyielding aspiration for fame and attention—his drive, which he’s safely guarding behind those tender hands.” Share this Object:                      River Aquarium
While taking in the spectacular view of the confluence of Pittsburgh’s three rivers, the hope is that visitors to Carnegie Science Center’s first-floor H2Oh! gallery will gain a newfound appreciation for these complex and fragile ecosystems that provide drinking water and support recreation, commerce, and native wildlife. The exhibition’s river aquarium, which weighs in at nearly 3 tons, mimics the rivers outside by maintaining a temperature of 72 degrees Fahrenheit and showcasing native game fish: the critically imperiled longear sunfish, green and redear sunfish, yellow perch, and, soon, rock bass and the endangered warmouth—all surprisingly beautiful critters to those who might think of freshwater fish as drab. “Many anglers come in shocked by the large size of our fish compared to the same species caught in the wild,” says Carla Littleton, animals and habitats manager. “It gives the perfect platform to talk about overfishing and the importance of proper catch-and-release techniques to preserve wild fish stocks.” Share this Object:                      Art Cat
Art Cat, the mascot for Carnegie Museum of Art’s youth programs, lives in the museum. The gray feline with a red beret and jaunty scarf knows all the museum’s secrets. He’s also a budding artist, taking a sketchbook wherever he goes. Like any good mascot, he gets the crowd pumped, inspiring young artists to help him finish his doodles. Technically, he’s a stuffed animal, but don’t tell him that. He has an excellent pedigree, created by artist Dave Klug. He’s bursting with ideas that he can’t complete himself—what with all the naps he takes throughout the day. Art Cat’s Sketchbook, sold at the museum store, invites kids to draw a background scene for a suit of medieval armor. Another Art Cat idea—for kids and their adults—imagines what the people in museum portraits might say to you if they could talk.  Share this Object:                        
Thaddeus G. Mosley, Spatial Occupation, 2018, Carnegie Museum of Art, Gift of the Alex Katz Foundation © Courtesy the artist and Karma, New York   
Spatial Occupation  by Thaddeus Mosley
An accomplished sculptor who works primarily with wood, Thaddeus Mosley spends hours looking at a trunk’s unique shape, grain, and structure. He waits, not picking up a mallet or chisel until a particular hunk of salvaged timber reveals to him its personality and ultimate destiny. The revelations are staggering. Over more than six decades, the 95-year-old estimates he’s made more than 700 sculptures, many towering creations that combine four or five components and seemingly defy gravity. Mosley grew up in New Castle, Pennsylvania, and studied English and journalism at the University of Pittsburgh. While at Pitt, he would often walk the few blocks to Carnegie Museum of Art. The galleries became his classroom, and the Carnegie International his muse. As a true student of the International—he’s attended every iteration since the 1950s—he couldn’t wait to see the new artists, new techniques, and new ideas on display. In 2018, after a successful career as the quintessential working-class artist, having worked nights for the U.S. Postal Service for 40 years while also making art, Mosley joined the ranks of International artists. He was invited to exhibit a forest of 13 sculptures in the museum’s main lobby and seven more in its outdoor Sculpture Court. Two of them—including Spatial Occupation, a 10-foot-tall creation carved from maple—were acquired by the museum for its permanent collection, joining two other works by Mosley, including Georgia Gate, a spare but expressive sculpture acquired in 1976, nearly a decade after Mosley staged a solo exhibition at the museum. Share this Object:                      The Watering Hole
At the heart of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s popular Hall of African Wildlife is the Watering Hole diorama and its panoramic view of a variety of animals—gazelles, zebras, giraffes, even a warthog—in the recreated ecosystems of Kenya’s wet and dry savanna. The beloved display’s backstory begins with the adventures of a then-young biologist Childs Frick, the oldest son of Pittsburgh industrialist Henry Clay Frick and Adelaide Howard Childs, who donated to the museum some 500 mammals he collected from 1909 to 1912 on two scientific expeditions to East Africa. A conservationist, Frick didn’t simply take aim at the largest targets; he collected examples of adult females, sub-adults, and juveniles, providing the museum with a more accurate representation of the animal kingdom. He then shipped the treated skins and skeletons back to Pittsburgh where he knew the finest taxidermists awaited their arrival. Remi and Joseph Santens were not just taxidermists; they were artists. Now, more than a century later, their work—complete with amazing details, such as flexing muscles and bulging veins—still infuses the Watering Hole and other museum displays with a striking sense of reality. Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Silver Clouds, 1966 © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Warhol’s Silver Clouds When Andy Warhol’s Silver Clouds debuted in 1966, he thought of the metallic pillows as paintings that could “float away.” At the time, Warhol was seriously thinking about abandoning his work on canvas to focus on filmmaking. He collaborated with Bell Labs engineer Billy Klüver to transform the then-new material Scotchpak into an interactive work of art. First shown at the Leo Castelli Gallery in New York City, the clouds notably became part of the design and choreography of Merce Cunningham’s RainForest, which premiered in 1968. To the continued joy of museumgoers, the playful and now wildly popularly installation pieces eventually landed at The Andy Warhol Museum and other museums around the world, where the job of keeping the Silver Clouds aloft requires firm footing. Once a week, Warhol staff members fill a new set of replica inflatables with a proprietary mix of air and pure helium. The concoction is specially formulated to give each balloon enough lift to get off the floor, but not so much that it sticks to the ceiling. Share this Object:                        
Ming Smith, America Seen Through Stars and Stripes, New York City, NY, c. 1973, Margaret M. Vance Fund
© Ming Smith. By permission   
America Seen Through Stars and Stripes by Ming Smith For more than four decades, Ming Smith has used her camera to capture Black life in all its complexity. She left her childhood home of Columbus, Ohio, for New York in the early 1970s after studying microbiology at Howard University. Her early career was marked by significant firsts: She was the first, and for many years the only, female member of the Kamoinge Workshop, an influential collective of Black photographers based in New York; and, in 1978, she was the first Black female photographer to have her work acquired by the Museum of Modern Art in New York. Still, only in the past decade have people begun embracing her unique perspective and style. Noted for her double-exposed prints and for collaging and painting on the surface of her photographs, Smith, now in her 70s, has never slowed down. In 2017, Carnegie Museum of Art acquired her striking 1973 picture America Seen Through Stars and Stripes. With its lone Black figure backed by American flags, this photograph is one of Smith’s most iconic. It sensitively addresses the complexity of U.S. race relations during a critical time in the Civil Rights Movement. Share this Object:                      Andy, the RoboThespian
At Pittsburgh’s ultimate robot gathering, he’s at the front of the pack, welcoming visitors to Carnegie Science Center’s roboworld®, the world’s largest permanent robotics exhibition. Known as Andy, the interactive-robot-turned-greeter introduces visitors to the concepts of robotic sensing, thinking, and acting through both preprogrammed actions (an enthusiastic hello) and a touch-screen kiosk that visitors can control. Like many socially interactive robots, part of Andy’s charm is that he engages us by mimicking our bodily expressions and movements. More than 3,000 Pittsburghers and robot fanatics around the world voted in an online poll that christened the modified RoboThespian™—designed and built by Engineered Arts Limited of Cornwall, England—Andy. Share this Object:                      Hopi Katsina Dolls
Some 100,000 ethnological and historical objects are in the care of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s section of anthropology, including some 3,000 dolls. More than just toys—although they certainly serve that important purpose—dolls are found in almost every culture and provide insight into family roles, customs, and traditions. The museum displays a large collection of Hopi Katsina dolls, wooden effigies of supernatural beings who visit the Hopi for about half of every year, in its Alcoa Foundation Hall of American Indians. Traditionally carved from cottonwood root by Hopi men, the dolls are tangible evidence of the katsinam’s power and wisdom. Parents use them to help teach children about Hopi culture and religious beliefs. The Hopi believe that katsinam spirits assist in plant growth, prevent misfortune, and bring rain, provided they are properly respected. Pictured is a Hahay’iwuuti (Grandmother Katsina), made by Manuel Chavarria of First Mesa on the Hopi Reservation, in 1995 or 1996. The Grandmother Katsina is the first katsina given to a child, and this is the flat, “cradle” style that goes in a baby’s bed. Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Self-Portrait in Drag, 1980-81, The Andy Warhol Museum; Founding Collection, Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. © The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc.   
Warhol’s Self-Portraits in Drag Throughout his life, Andy Warhol would step into the camera’s frame and pose as some version of himself. In the early 1960s, a photo-booth strip shows him with his collar turned up and dark shades on, a look reminiscent of the movie stars he idolized. By the 1980s, another version of Warhol emerged. He and close friend Christopher Makos collaborated on a series of images portraying Warhol in drag, as he sometimes dressed for parties. The artist is seen wearing a series of different wigs—short and sassy, dark and mysterious, gray and matronly, long and wild—in a full face of makeup, including deep red lipstick. Most were taken during the same session as those in Makos’ series Altered Image, modeled after Man Ray’s 1920s work with Marcel Duchamp, in which the two artists created a female alter ego named Rrose Sélavy for Duchamp.  Share this Object:                        
Keith Haring, Untitled (Elephant), 1985, The Andy Warhol Museum; Contribution The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc., Keith Haring artwork © Keith Haring Foundation   
Keith Haring’s Elephant
Made of papier-mâché, the large Keith Haring elephant that stands tall in the galleries of The Andy Warhol Museum wasn’t constructed by Haring; it was left over from a costume exhibition curated by Diana Vreeland at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Andy Warhol bought the sculpture, which was originally painted pink, as a prop for the star-studded event, and when the show was over it ended up at Warhol’s studio. In a little-known turn of events, Jean-Michel Basquiat—not Haring—first painted on the elephant, giving it white toenails, doodles on its ears, and what resembled a large shock of white hair at the top of its trunk. Fred Hughes, Warhol’s longtime business manager, had the elephant repainted white so that Haring could  cover it with his signature figures. In an April 20, 1985, entry in The Andy Warhol Diaries, Warhol says he preferred Basquiat’s version: “Jean Michel and Victor [Hugo] painted some stuff on it, but not much, but still I would’ve kept it a Jean Michel even though it wasn’t much of one, but Fred thought it would be better as a Keith Haring, and so Keith is going to paint it now that it’s white.” Share this Object:                        
Photo: Debra Wilson   
Underground Treasure
Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s renowned mineral collection boasts more than 31,000 specimens in all, many of which were acquired in the 19th century. Among its standouts: a rare suite of minerals from the former Soviet Union; and, as of 2014, the most comprehensive Pennsylvania mineral collection in the world. The acquisition of more than 2,700 specimens from the collection of Bryon Brookmyer, a committed hobbyist, helped the museum reach this significant landmark. Among the stunners: this remarkable wavellite, an aluminum phosphate found in Snyder County, Pennsylvania. More than 2,200 historically important specimens from the William W. Jeffries collection and nearly 5,000 minerals formerly owned by the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia round out the collection that speaks to the rich and sometimes colorful geological history of the Keystone State. An astonishing variety of 300 minerals, including calcite, dolomite, pyrite, and quartz, have been discovered in Pennsylvania, and each reveals a part of Earth’s millennias-old history. Share this Object:                        
Babb, Cook & Willard, Window Surround from Carnegie Mansion, New York City, 1902, Gift of Nicholas D. Lardas   
A Piece of Carnegie’s Mansion
Andrew Carnegie lived large. His 64-room mansion on New York City’s Upper East Side was evidence of that. Built from 1899 to 1902, it was intentionally spacious and a study of innovative design as the first private residence in the U.S. to have a structural-steel frame. The English Georgian-style building also boasted an extensive garden, electric elevator, and a state-of-the-art heating and cooling system. Part of the house—two copper window surrounds designed by the architectural firm of Babb, Cook & Willard—were incorporated into the design of Carnegie Museum of Art’s Heinz Architectural Center, which opened in 1993 and includes exhibition galleries, offices, a library, and collection storage rooms. To spy the window frames, look up toward the ceiling when entering the galleries from the Hall of Sculpture balcony. Today, the former Carnegie mansion is home to the Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum. Share this Object:                      PaleoLab
Easily one of the coolest—and most unique—experiences at Carnegie Museum of Natural History is peering inside its fossil preparation laboratory, PaleoLab. It’s a literal window to where scientific preparators, depending on the task, patiently and meticulously clean, chip, scrape, sculpt, or even super-glue together the fossils and fossil replicas of prehistoric behemoths—all while the public curiously looks on. Preparators free fossils from the rocks that encase them and conserve and stabilize them to the point where they can be handled, studied, or displayed. They also reassemble bones from weathered and broken fragments and sculpt replicas of missing fossils to fill gaps in mounted skeletons. They’re continually “working the bones”—from the fossils of a 90-foot-long titanosaur from Argentina to the skeleton of Camptosaurus, which had been half embedded in rock and mounted into a wall panel at the museum for decades before preparators were charged with making it a freestanding, mounted dinosaur for Dinosaurs in Their Time.  Share this Object:                      Interview Magazine Like Andy Warhol himself, Interview magazine, the publication he founded in 1969, was many things all at once: raunchy and insightful, a gossip rag and a think piece, artistic and commercial. The covers did much of the talking. In the beginning, the oversized format featured photos of the likes of Michael Jackson, Grace Jones, and Liza Minnelli airbrushed and colorized to perfection by illustrator Richard Bernstein, who designed a remarkable 189 covers. Inside, the magazine gained fame for its unedited, unfiltered, and tape-recorded celebrity question-and-answer sessions. They “read just like conversations, sometimes boring and trivial,” wrote Mary Harron in Pop Art/Art Pop, “but with the fascination of eavesdropping.” Salvador Dali spoke of his moist sofa; David Bowie about his brother’s mental illness. Dubbed the “Crystal Ball of Pop,” Interview lived on after Warhol’s death, and today The Warhol’s archives house a rare, nearly complete run of the publication. In 2018, with lawsuits filed and bankruptcy declared, it was announced that Interview was shutting down, but it quickly resumed publication under Crystal Ball Media. Share this Object:                      The Handiwork of Charles Bowdish
Every day, visitors to Carnegie Science Center’s Miniature Railroad & Village® peek inside the windows at the hustle and bustle of a small-scale general store, blacksmith shop, and other 20th-century Main Street businesses built more than a century ago by the exhibit’s creator, Charles Bowdish. Among his more well-known contributions: the woman walking back and forth in a lit room as she rocks her baby. It turns out that this model home was inspired by his own childhood home, complete with his mom rocking his older brother to sleep on the porch. He also created a crowd favorite—“handstand man,” the death-defying acrobat who does a handstand on a pole high above a turn-of-the-century amusement park, which is a composite of Kennywood, the old Luna Park in North Oakland, and Lakemont Park in Altoona. Patty Everly, the display’s creative caretaker since 1991, is always finding fresh ways to keep the exhibit’s early history and founder alive. Outside of the model of Richardsville Baptist Church, where Bowdish’s parents were married, she’s created a scene where a husband and wife, greeted by family and friends, spill out of the church.  Share this Object:                      Zap! Surgery Beyond the Cutting Edge Debuting to much fanfare in the fall of 2000, Zap! Surgery Beyond the Cutting Edge showcased Pittsburgh’s medical community as a leader in high-tech surgery and Carnegie Science Center as an innovator of high-tech exhibitions. Then the only traveling exhibition in the world to detail the trend toward less invasive surgery, it presented complex technologies and the science behind them through unique interactive experiences developed by the Science Center, including a 15-passenger motion simulator that allowed visitors to witness surgical techniques from various points inside the human body. Developed in consultation with University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, it demonstrated how the power of electromagnetic waves, sound waves, and lasers are harnessed to destroy tumors, break up kidney stones, and correct vision. After its stint in Pittsburgh, it went on a national tour to 11 stops. Share this Object:                      Ancient Egyptian Sandal
Of the roughly 5,000 ancient Egyptian objects in the care of Carnegie Museum of Natural History, only about 650 are on public view. This single embossed leather sandal, excavated in the Fayûm region of northern Egypt during the Graeco-Roman period (332 BCE–395 CE), arrived at the museum in 1903 by way of the long-standing Egypt Exploration Society and has never been shared publicly. While not visible in this image, the bottom of the sandal is slightly worn and coming apart—a welcome discovery for museum researchers because it allows a closer inspection of the craftsmanship and construction techniques; how the strap is braided and attached to its base, for example. The artifact also “gives us a glimpse of what was in fashion and what people were actually wearing” some 2,300 years ago, says museum Egyptologist Lisa Haney, “because the visual record at that time often includes idealized representations,” such as men frequently depicted without shirts, even though the reality is that it can get very cold at night in the desert.  Share this Object:                        
Andy Warhol, Sleep, 1963, 16 mm film, black-and-white, silent, 5 hours 21 minutes at 16 frames per second © The Andy Warhol Museum; All rights reserved   
Sleep by Andy Warhol When Andy Warhol made his first film in 1963, he aimed his 16 mm Bolex camera squarely at then-boyfriend John Giorno. But Giorno, a poet and performance artist, doesn’t play a character or even speak in the black-and-white production aptly titled Sleep. Arguably Warhol’s most famous film, it’s 5 hours and 21 minutes of Giorno’s upper body and pillow-framed face. The avant-garde creation has been called an anti-film, but the strange appeal of a sleeping Giorno has endured. It propelled the compulsively prolific Warhol into a new medium as he went on to create another 300 films and thousands of other fragments stored on videotapes.  Share this Object:                      Giant Game of Operation
Inside Carnegie Science Center’s Highmark SportsWorks®, young explorers can challenge themselves to “remove and repair” body parts linked to the 10 most common sports injuries by way of an oversized version of the classic childhood game of Operation. It’s fun for kids and nostalgic for parents, while also teaching them something about basic human anatomy and common ailments, such as a groin pull, sore neck muscle, and shin splints—the latter illustrated in the game by a giant rubber band. Share this Object:                      The Two Faces of Prudence
Tucked away among the 140 plaster casts of architectural treasures in Carnegie Museum of Art’s Hall of Architecture is the spectacular tomb of Francis II, the Duke of Brittany. It includes an intriguing feature that can be easy to miss: a figure with two faces. The original tomb, made of Carrara marble in 1507 by sculptor Michel Colombe, was located in Nantes Cathedral in France. A masterpiece of Renaissance sculpture, it was commissioned by Anne of Brittany, the queen of France and daughter of Francis and his second wife, Margaret of Foix, who is shown lying beside Francis. The duke had hoped the cathedral would be his final resting place with his first wife, Margaret of Brittany, and the tomb actually houses Francis and both wives, though only Anne’s mother is depicted. At the tomb’s four corners stand four figures, each representing one of the cardinal virtues: courage, justice, temperance, and prudence. Prudence has two faces: at the back is an old man, said to be the sculptor, implying the wisdom of the past; at the front is a young woman looking to the future, who holds in her hands both a compass and a mirror. Share this Object:                        
Childe Hassam, Fifth Avenue in Winter, c. 1892, Carnegie Museum of Art   
Fifth Avenue in Winter  Working as a wood engraver and illustrator, artist Childe Hassam (1859–1935) fought against labels as critics looked at his work through the lens of a singular style. It was a battle he lost. Today, Hassam is known as a pioneer of American Impressionism, and was unique for often depicting burgeoning city scenes, which he captured with affection and originality. A frequent participant in the early Carnegie Internationals, Hassam had more than 90 of his paintings displayed at Carnegie Museum of Art over nearly four decades and the artist served on the exhibition’s award jury multiple times. It was quite fitting that in 1900, the museum was the first American institution to purchase one of Hassam’s paintings: his 1892 oil on canvas titled Fifth Avenue in Winter, a visitor favorite featuring horse-drawn carriages and pedestrians making their way along the snow-covered New York City street.  Share this Object:                        
Jesus statue, painted by Andy Warhol between 1938 and 1941,
Courtesy of Jeffrey Warhola   
Statue of Jesus by Andy Warhol
Not long after Andy Warhol’s passing, staff at The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts (and, upon its founding in 1994, The Andy Warhol Museum) started sorting through and cataloging the many things Warhol left behind, including his 610 Time Capsules. Most of the Time Capsules are cardboard boxes filled with newspaper clippings, day planners, bills, ticket stubs, handwritten letters—life’s detritus. Stashed inside them is no shortage of material clues of the artist’s Byzantine Catholic influences, including family prayer books and prayer cards, souvenirs from Pope Paul VI’s 1965 visit to New York City, and mementos from Warhol’s 1980 visit to the Vatican, where he met Pope John Paul II in St. Peter’s Square. Many of these deeply personal items were on display for the first time in The Warhol’s 2019 exhibition Andy Warhol: Revelation, which explored the connection between Catholicism and the artist’s body of work. A very special addition, on loan from the John Warhola family, was this chalkware plaster statue of Jesus that Warhol painted when he was between 10 and 13 years old, taking great care to detail the crucifixion wounds on the hands of Christ and color the Sacred Heart a deep red. Share this Object:                      Ivory Eagle
A majestic, life-size ivory eagle that H.J. Heinz purchased in Japan a century ago was returned to its original splendor in 2013 thanks to Carnegie Museum of Natural History conservators, work that took two months and occurred while curious museumgoers looked on. The Pittsburgh ketchup magnate bought the bird by an unknown artist in Yokohama in 1913 during one of several trips he made to China and Japan. When the sculpture and its custom case, together weighing 550 pounds, arrived at the museum in 1913, Assistant Director Douglas Stewart deemed it “the finest specimen of its kind in the world.” It was valued then at $5,000 and was a favorite of visitors until it went off view in the 1990s. It was restored in preparation for a Carnegie Museum of Art exhibition featuring both ivory sculptures and Japanese woodblock prints, many collected and donated to the museums by Heinz. With its 48-inch wingspan and hundreds of feathers, some the size of a quarter and the length of a dinner fork, the ivory eagle remains on view in a prominent spot at the base of the Oakland complex’s Grand Staircase. Conservators removed from it mostly sooty air pollution that had accumulated during Pittsburgh’s industrial era.  Share this Object:                        
Sticky Fingers by the Rolling Stones, 1971; album design by Andy Warhol, 1972   
Sticky Fingers Cover Design  There was a time when nearly everyone owned a Warhol. The zippable zipper on the cover of the Rolling Stones’ Sticky Fingers album helped make it one of the bestselling albums of its day while also becoming one of the most iconic images of 1970s rock. The cover was a collaboration between Andy Warhol and Craig Braun, who was known in the heyday of vinyl records as a designer of sophisticated cover packages, starting with the 1967 Velvet Underground & Nico LP adorned with Warhol’s famous banana print, which could be peeled to reveal a suggestive pink banana underneath. (Braun, not Warhol, gets credit for the idea of a working zipper on the Stones’ cover.) To scores of fans, Warhol came into view not as the creator of Campbell’s Soup Cans or Brillo Boxes but as part of music history. Share this Object:                      Through the Eyes of Hubble In the early 1990s, Carnegie Science Center’s Buhl Planetarium became a full-scale production studio, where artists, writers, computer animators, and scientists developed original shows seen each year by hundreds of thousands of people worldwide. Just four years after developing its first show, the Buhl team produced its first blockbuster, Through the Eyes of Hubble, which chronicles a repair mission to the space telescope. Narrated by Star Trek: The Next Generation’s Gates McFadden, it was licensed by NASA and the Space Telescope Science Institute, translated into 13 languages, and distributed to 150 planetariums—officially putting the Buhl on the map. Today some 25 original productions have been distributed to 750 planetariums worldwide—and counting. The new next-level Buhl Planetarium is one of the most technologically advanced planetariums in North America, and its production team is reveling in all its new bells, whistles, and top-notch tech. Cosmic Cookbook, for one, will give other planetariums the option   of having shows that combine live theater and science education. Share this Object:                        
Photo: Bryan Conley   
Fruit and Other Things  Before it was known as the Carnegie International and curators traveled the globe in search of talent, artists would submit their work in hopes of being accepted into Carnegie Museum of Art’s Annual Exhibition. For most, those hopes were dashed. From 1896 to 1931, the museum sent out 10,632 rejection notices. After discovering that the title of each rebuffed work of art lives on in meticulously kept archival records at the museum (no images exist), 2018 Carnegie International participating artists Lenka Clayton and Jon Rubin set out to replace the sting of rejection with the joy of redemption. Their 23-week performance piece dubbed Fruit and Other Things in honor of one of the titles that didn’t make the cut employed a series of calligraphers to set up shop in the museum’s Forum Gallery. While visitors looked on, the artisans skillfully traced each of the 10,632 titles, in alphabetical order, onto heavy stock paper. Once the ink dried, each hand-lettered text painting was slipped into a frame on the gallery walls—each title at last exhibited as part of the prestigious exhibition. And instead of being forever relegated to the annals of history, every title—from A Bacchante to Zinnias—found new life as museumgoers were invited to take one home, forming a new community of 10,632 art collectors. Check out fruitandotherthings.com to see where the paintings hang today. Share this Object:                      Lion Attacking a Dromedary One of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s oldest dioramas, Lion Attacking a Dromedary depicts a figure riding on a camel being attacked by a male lion; a female lion lies nearby, lifeless. It’s a brutal scene. Created by French taxidermists Jules and Èdouard Verreaux for the 1867 Paris International Exposition, it was on view at the American Museum of Natural History for decades before it fell out of favor for being too strong on theatrics. The New York museum had plans to discard it before selling it to Carnegie Museum in 1898. Well over a century later, museum curators and educators are engaging visitors in discussions about what’s depicted in the diorama: the lion—a symbol of imperial power—pouncing on a person of color, which reinforces colonialist views and minimizes deeply rooted violence; and the clothing in the display, which inaccurately groups a number of distinct North African cultures together, reinforcing stereotypes. The museum also plans to remove the figure’s head, which is sculpted around the skull of an unidentified human being, and will place the remains in a sanctuary space in the museum’s care. Share this Object:                   
Receive more stories in your email
Sign up  
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Science & Nature 
    :
                  
Pursuing Relevant Science
By Chris Fleisher 
How a transformative $65 million gift from Dan and Carole Kamin is bolstering Carnegie Science Center’s plans to become a top-tier leader in community-based science.       A Lifelong Love of Astronomy
By Chris Fleisher 
Dan and Carole Kamin have a long history with Carnegie Museums, but their relationship with Carnegie Science Center Director Jason Brown began a little over five years ago at a garden party. It was May 2019, and Carole’s famous tulips were in bloom. Brown, who had recently been named as the Science Center’s director, was … Continued      Objects of Our Affection: ‘Golden Orioles’
fleisherc 
Carnegie Museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. Here we showcase some of the most compelling objects.      Escaping Requin
By Barbara Klein 
The Science Center’s popular sub is now one of Pittsburgh’s most popular escape rooms.         Sparking a Love of Science 
By Chris Fleisher   
Fascinated by outer space, one couple wants to keep inspiring young people to look at stars.       Q+A: Kathy Hollis
 By Corinne Whiting   
In conversation with the director of collections care and access at Carnegie Museum of Natural History.      Conserving Objects, Telling Stories
By Cristina Rouvalis 
An exhibition of Egyptian artifacts spotlights the work of object conservators.      An Investment to Keep History Relevant
By Chris Fleisher 
One couple hopes to inspire younger audiences to learn about ancient civilizations.       Objects of Our Affection: 3D-Printed Prosthetic Hand
Michael 
Carnegie Museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. Here we showcase some of the most compelling objects.      Q+A: Hope Gillespie
By Kellie B. Gormly   
In conversation with the museum experiences officer at Carnegie Science Center   
    
Learn With Us 
Learning new things never gets old. From the youngest explorers to retired art aficionados, our real objects and expert guides spark imagination, creativity, and lifelong connections with art, science, and natural history. Light that fire in your children or your students, and be inspired yourself!  Notice of Non-Discrimination: Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh does not discriminate in employment or administration of its educational programs on the basis of race, color, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, genetic information or veteran status, in accordance with applicable laws. Read the complete policy. Inquiries concerning the application of and compliance with this statement should be directed to: Vice President of Human Resources, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, at 412,622,3331 or HRConnect@carnegiemuseums.org.       
Adults    
Teens    
Kids & Families    
Schools & Educators      More Things to Do   
Nights at the Museums 
Nights at the Museums
Sleepovers, adults-only fun, stargazing, and more!    View Our Exhibitions 
View Our Exhibitions
Dinosaurs and the art of Andy Warhol. A World War II sub, original Monets, and the largest exhibition dedicated to robots.     Explore Our Collections 
Explore Our Collections
Some 22 million scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.    Carnegie Museums From Home 
Carnegie Museums From Home
Your museums are here for you. We have so many creative resources you can access anytime, anywhere.    
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: STEM 
    :
                  
Objects of Our Affection: 3D-Printed Prosthetic Hand
Michael 
Carnegie Museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. Here we showcase some of the most compelling objects.      The STEM of Animation
By Barbara Klein 
The new Pixar exhibition at Carnegie Science Center offers insights into how the animation studio created some of its most iconic films.      Storytelling through STEM
By Chris Fleisher 
A program at Carnegie Science Center helps teens learn science, technology, engineering, and math skills by producing their own children’s books.      Q+A: Doug DeHaven
By Sally Quinn 
In conversation with the mechatronics engineer at Carnegie Science Center.      Succeeding together
By Chris Fleisher 
Perry Traditional Academy is working to become one of Pittsburgh’s top-performing high schools. Carnegie Science Center is helping the North Side high school reach its goal.        All in for Carnegie Science Center
By Julie Hannon 
Knowing firsthand how the informal learning adventures at Carnegie Science Center can help kids dream big, one donor couple wants to expand who has access.       Demanding the Vote
By Kate Benz 
Daisy Lampkin, one of the suffrage movement’s trailblazers, called Pittsburgh home. Her remarkable story is now part of Carnegie Science Center’s Miniature Railroad & Village.       The Retooling of Pittsburgh’s Cosmic Cathedral
By Barbara Klein 
The next-level Buhl Planetarium is more immersive, more realistic, and more awe-inspiring.        Learning, Together
By Kate Benz 
Carnegie Science Center pairs local high schoolers with STEM professionals in a program designed to teach both new skills.            At Long Last: Expanded Learning and Fun
By Cristina Rouvalis 
The Science Center’s new PPG Science Pavilion will welcome more young learners, expand the kinds of science fun they can cook up, and bring large-scale traveling shows to the region.    
    
Connect With Us  Carnegie Museum of Art
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Vimeo Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Facebook
Twitter
Dippy on Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube Carnegie Science Center
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram The Andy Warhol Museum
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube Carnegie Museums Members
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
    

    
Reciprocal Privileges   Join & Support>Membership>Reciprocal Privileges   Reciprocity with Association of Science and Technology Centers (ASTC)
Carnegie Museums members enjoy free admission to more than 300 science centers as part of the ASTC Passport Program. Reciprocal museums must be at least 90 miles outside of Pittsburgh AND your home address. (Note: The Children’s Museum of Pittsburgh is not reciprocal for Carnegie Museums members.) Learn more about ASTC.
ROAM Reciprocity
Dual-level members and above can enjoy free admission through the Reciprocal Organization of Associated Museums (ROAM). Note: Reciprocal ROAM museums must be at least 25 miles outside of Pittsburgh. Learn more about ROAM.
Art and Natural History Museum Reciprocity
Premium, Donors Circle, and Patrons Circle members also receive free admission to select art and natural history museums across the country. Present your Carnegie Museums member card and the Reciprocal Museums card for admission. See the list of museums.       
Join/Renew    Member Events    Gift Memberships    FAQs  

    
Things to Do 
Whether you’re looking for a one-of-a-kind date night, meaningful family fun, or simply to be inspired by the wonders of art, science, and natural history, you’ll discover it at Carnegie Museums. Four distinctive museums. So many incredible experiences.       Learn With Us  From curious preschoolers to art-loving great-grandparents and every age and interest in between, Carnegie Museums is the destination for lifelong learning.    View Our Exhibitions  Dinosaurs and the art of Andy Warhol. Toss in a World War II submarine, original Monets, and  exhibitions dedicated to robots and the science of sports. And that’s only what makes us permanently interesting. We also boast constantly changing art and science exhibitions—something for everyone.   Explore Our Collections  Millions of scientific specimens and 40,000 art objects are the inspiration for our research, exhibits, and educational programs.   Members-Only  Join our member family and gain insider access.  
    
Membership 
YOU BELONG HERE. As a member of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, enjoy free admission to Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. Share the museums with friends and family. Learn something new on members-only tours. And feel good about supporting the museums—and the community—you love.      Join/Renew    
Benefits    
Gift Membership    
Free Teen Membership    
FAQs    
Community Access Memberships    
Member Events    
Contact Us      

    
Benefits   Join & Support>Membership>Benefits   Membership has its benefits!
No matter which membership you choose, you’ll enjoy these member benefits: Unlimited general admission for one year to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, The Andy Warhol Museum, and Carnegie Science Center (including Highmark SportsWorks®)
Invitations to members-only events, including exhibit previews and monthly tours. See upcoming Member Events.
Free reciprocal admission All members: Get in free at 300+ ASTC reciprocal science centers. Get the details.
Dual members and above: enjoy free admission to 250+ ROAM reciprocal art museums, arboretums, and more. Get the details.
Premium members and above: Get in free to 20+ major art and natural history museums. See list.
Click here to view the full list of museums and restrictions. 
Great discounts 10% museum store discount (20% during Member Shopping Days)
10% museum cafe discount
Member pricing on classes, camps, educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema, lectures, and special events 
The Rangos Giant Cinema All Members: discounted tickets for educational films
Premium members: 10 half-off admissions for educational films 
Free subscription to CARNEGIE magazine        Gift Memberships    Member Events    Reciprocal Privileges    FAQs  

    
Carnegie Connectors   Carnegie Connectors   The Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh Carnegie Connectors membership group is for young supporters of the four Carnegie Museums — the Carnegie Museums of Art & Natural History, The Andy Warhol Museum, and Carnegie Science Center. Members of this group, ranging in age from twenty-one to forty, are culture-creators who recognize the importance of investing through their membership in the four Carnegie Museums and the city of Pittsburgh. Carnegie Connectors demonstrate an interest in arts, science, and natural history, and a drive to create a community based on these shared interests.
As a Carnegie Connectors member, you will explore and experience what makes all four Carnegie Museums destinations for art, history, and science through a dedicated calendar of programs and special events.
All Carnegie Connectors receive free admission to four Carnegie Connectors events, plus discounted admission to 21+ nights with one free drink ticket at Carnegie Museum of Natural History and Carnegie Science Center.
In addition to Carnegie Connectors benefits, members also receive: FREE general admission for one year to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum
Invitations to members-only events and programming
Free reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers
Discounts on classes, camps, educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema, touring exhibitions, laser shows, lectures, and special events
A 10% discount in museum stores and cafés (20% store discount during Member Shopping Days)
Free subscription to Carnegie magazine 
Carnegie Connectors Individual
$95/$7.90 monthly Membership includes 1 Adult
Invitations to members-only events, including exhibit previews and monthly tours.
The Rangos Giant Cinema $2 discount on educational films 
Great discounts 10% cafe and museum store discount (20% in stores during Member Shopping Days)
Member pricing on classes, camps, lectures, and special events 
Free subscription to CARNEGIE magazine.
Invitations for 1 Adult (21+) to Young Professionals events. Benefits valued at $45 JOIN NOW 
Carnegie Connectors Dual
$125/$10.42 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults OR 1 Adult and 1 Child
Enhanced reciprocal privileges 250+ ROAM reciprocal art museums, arboretums, and more. Get the details. 
Invitations to members-only events, including exhibit previews and monthly tours.
The Rangos Giant Cinema $2 discount on educational films 
Great discounts 10% cafe and museum store discount (20% in stores during Member Shopping Days)
Member pricing on classes, camps, lectures, and special events
Member pricing on classes, camps, lectures, and special events 
Free subscription to CARNEGIE magazine.
Invitations for 2 Adults (21+) to Young Professionals events. Benefits valued at $75 JOIN NOW 
Carnegie Connectors Family
$180/$15 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults + 4 Children
Enhanced reciprocal privileges 250+ ROAM reciprocal art museums, arboretums, and more. Get the details. 
The Rangos Giant Cinema $2 member discount on educational films 
Invitations to members-only events, including exhibit previews and monthly tours.
Great discounts 10% museum cafe and store discount (20% in stores during Membership Shopping Days)
Member pricing on classes, camps, lectures, and special events 
Free subscription to CARNEGIE magazine
Invitations for 2 Adults (21+) to Young Professionals events Benefits valued at $75 JOIN NOW 
Carnegie Connectors Premium
$295/$24.60 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults (21+) + 8 Guests
All the benefits of a Premium membership, plus: Invitations for 2 Adults (21+) to Carnegie Connectors events
Discounted tickets and 2 free drink tickets for 21+ nights at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History and Carnegie Science Center  Benefits valued at $115 JOIN NOW  UPCOMING EVENTS 
Carnegie Connectors: Fall Exhibition Celebration
Exclusive event for young professionals, 21-40
Friday, October 4, 6:00-9:30p.m.
Carnegie Museum of Art Members of Carnegie Connectors, a new group for young professionals, are invited to a special event celebrating Carnegie Museum of Art’s fall exhibitions. Socialize and network with other Connectors, make your own zine, and view new exhibitions during private hours.
Peruse nearly 100 works by 19 different artists in Widening the Lens: Photography, Ecology, and the Contemporary Landscape, then be sure to see Beate Kuhn: Turn, the first solo exhibition of the artist in the United States, and the new exhibition Tatiana Bilbao Estudio: City of Rooms, an immersive exhibit focused on domesticity, communal space, and urban living.
Enjoy complimentary drinks and light refreshments. Business casual or party attire suggested.
Free for Carnegie Connectors members, $35 for other membership levels and non-members.
*You must be 21 years of age or older to attend this event. Valid ID is required for entry.
JOIN US!
Installation view of Beate Kuhn: Turn, Carnegie Museum of Art, 2024; photo: Zachary Riggleman     
    
Support 
A gift to Carnegie Museums is a gift to your community: to the 400,000 school kids inspired by Carnegie Museums educational programming last year; to the nearly 1 million visitors to our museums, including 50,000 ACCESS-card users who visit for as little as $1. Carnegie Museums is the region’s largest, most far-reaching cultural organization, with a legacy of scientific discovery, art exploration, and service to the community.      Levels of Giving  All gifts are important gifts. Learn more about our giving circles.    Donate Now    
Planned Giving  Give smarter: Explore your options and find the form of giving that works best for you.   Corporate Giving  Partner with Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh to benefit your business, employees, and the community through sponsorship, Corporate Membership, or the Educational Improvement Tax Credit (EITC) program.    Giving Societies    
Matching Gifts      

    
Mission and Core Values  Our Mission
To preserve and expand the resources of art and science as agents of personal growth and social advancement in Pittsburgh and beyond. Our Core Values
Collaboration
Working together to make the whole institution greater than the sum of its parts
Diversity/Inclusion
Welcoming and respecting all; recognizing and responding with empathy to multiple perspectives in our programming and deliberations
Equity/Accessibility
Ensuring fairness and impartiality in all practices and policies, and providing people across the spectrum of human ability and experience with equitable access to our buildings, programs, and communications
Integrity
Conducting all actions in accordance with ethical, legal, and professional requirements and norms
Relevance
Ensuring that our activities and programs are responsive to the needs, concerns, and interests of the communities and audiences we serve, locally, nationally, and globally
Safety
Ensuring a safe environment for all who come to our facilities to visit or to work
Stewardship
Optimizing our collections and other assets for the benefit of the public we serve and supporting the efforts and welfare of our staff
Sustainability
Considering the impact of our actions on the environment and on the long-term viability of our facilities and finances   Our Vision for Impact  

    
Join & Support 
Become part of the Carnegie Museums community as a member and supporter. Explore the world with us through free admission to our four museums—Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. Enjoy special events, store and café discounts, and free reciprocal admission to other museums and science centers across the country. And know that your support matters, today and for generations to come.      JOIN  Find yourself at Carnegie Museums: Choose from among five membership levels—all with unlimited free admission and members-only benefits.   SUPPORT  The four Carnegie Museums reach 1.4 million people a year—including more than 380,000 school children. Your support is a gift to them, and to future generations who will experience Carnegie Museums thanks to your generosity.       Benefits    Gift Memberships    Reciprocal Privileges    Matching Gifts    
Contact Us
The Advancement & Community Engagement Team is glad to answer your questions or update your contact information. We’re available every Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., so please feel free to email, call, or tweet at us. We strive to answer every call personally and to respond to all emails within one business day.
Email: membership@carnegiemuseums.org
Phone: 412.622.3314  
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Carnegie International 
    :
                  
A Weighty Conversation
By Marylynne Pitz 
The 58th Carnegie International explores the unvarnished histories of social movements.        In Celebration of Artists and Their Truth
By Justin Hopper 
The 58th Carnegie International sets out to showcase not only the art but also the very individual perspectives of artists from across the globe.      Art in Contradiction
By Elizabeth Hoover 
The newly named curator of the Carnegie International finds inspiration in the uncomfortable complexities of life.      A Joyful Resistance
By Julie Hannon 
Exploring art and ideas from five continents at the Carnegie International.      Making an Entrance
By Cristina Rouvalis 
The 57th edition of the Carnegie International is front and center, thanks to two show-stopping works on the exterior of Carnegie Museums’ historic Oakland building.      Lenka Clayton and Jon Rubin want you to leave the museum with an original artwork.
By Julie Hannon 
During the first 35 years of the Carnegie International, from 1896 to 1931, the museum tracked every submission to what was then an annual painting show. Exactly 10,632 artworks were rejected. Drawn to this “complete list of absence in the museum,” Pittsburgh-based artists Lenka Clayton and Jon Rubin, with the help of a small team, … Continued      Mel Bochner is creating new work for the museum and city that introduced him to art.
By Cristina Rouvalis 
At age 8, Mel Bochner spent Saturday mornings boarding the trolley near his East End home, handing the conductor 8 cents and then traveling alone to Carnegie Museum of Art. It was 1949, and Bochner was headed to his weekly Tam O’Shanter art class. There he met creative kids from all over Allegheny County, and … Continued      Painting’s Broad Brush
By Barbara Klein 
Whether using canvas, ceramics, or textiles, today’s contemporary artists are rethinking what else a painting can be.       Reconstructing History
By Julie Hannon 
Reflecting a world in transition, artists use their stage to wrestle with the past and confront contemporary issues of borders, boundaries, and labor.      The Road to the International
By Julie Hannon 
Nearly all of the artwork for this year’s Carnegie International is being created new for the exhibition—and, in turn, for Pittsburgh. Curator Ingrid Schaffner started her travel research in 2016, right after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, known as Brexit, and not long before Donald Trump was elected president. “International has … Continued   
    
Our History   About Us>Our History   The history of Carnegie Museums is bookended by two periods of fantastic growth and diversification. It all started in November of 1895 with the founding of Carnegie Institute, known today as Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. Andrew Carnegie called the original Oakland building—which included Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh—his “monument,” and he considered it the chief satisfaction of his life. That’s saying a lot, considering that this son of a poor Scottish weaver grew up to become one of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs and philanthropists.
A year later, Carnegie Museums held the first Carnegie International, second only to the Venice Biennale as the world’s oldest and most prestigious international exhibition of contemporary art, and the museum’s collection of art quickly grew as a result. Two years later, in response to news that the bones of “colossal” prehistoric creatures were being found out west, Carnegie sent a scientific crew to Wyoming, where they would discover the first of many world-famous dinosaurs. 
The first Carnegie International, 1896 To make room for the display of his namesake, Diplodocus carnegii, Andrew Carnegie broke ground on Carnegie Museums’ first major expansion in 1904. While the most famous product of that growth was the great Dinosaur Hall, its neighboring hall, the Hall of Architecture, perhaps best embodied Andrew Carnegie’s desire to “bring the world” to the people of Pittsburgh. He knew that most of those people would never leave their neighborhoods, their city, let alone the country. So he created a room filled with the casts of some of the greatest architectural wonders of the world. The hall itself is modeled after one of the seven wonders of the ancient world, the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, and its rare collection of casts is the largest on display anywhere in the world today.
The 1907 expansion
Early Dinosaur Hall
The Hall of Architecture
Adding two new museums
Carnegie Museums’ second most ambitious period of growth began in 1974, with the opening of the Sarah Scaife Galleries, which gave Carnegie Museum of Art’s constantly growing collections their own elegant space. Between 1980 and 1993, Carnegie Museum of Natural History added a number of new exhibit halls: Hillman Hall of Minerals & Gems, Polar World, the Benedum Hall of Geology, the Walton Hall of Ancient Egypt, and the Hall of African Wildlife. In 1986, the expanding cultural powerhouse became known as “The Carnegie,” and to this day, many in the region still refer to Andrew Carnegie’s Pittsburgh museums as The Carnegie.
In 1991, Carnegie Science Center entered the Carnegie Museums fold through a partnership between Carnegie Museums and the Buhl Foundation. Home to Buhl Planetarium, the Miniature Railroad & Village, and hundreds of interactive science exhibits, the Science Center now attracts more than half a million people a year. By the time of its 10-year anniversary in 2001, the Science Center opened Highmark SportsWorks, the largest collection of sports and science exhibits in the world.
Carnegie Science Center
Three years later, Carnegie Museums again brought something new and irreplaceable to Pittsburgh, and the world: The Andy Warhol Museum. In addition to presenting the vast archives of Andy Warhol, the museum also has become a center for dialogue about a diverse range of topics, as well as a global ambassador to Pittsburgh’s cultural richness and diversity through its many traveling exhibitions.
The Andy Warhol Museum
Today’s ever-changing experiences
By the year 2000, the four Carnegie Museums became known as “Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh.” The following two decades included the debut of Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s blockbuster Dinosaurs in Their Time exhibit, which is nearly three times the size of the original dinosaur hall and the first exhibit in the world to feature scientifically accurate, immersive environments spanning the Age of Dinosaurs. In 2003 and again in 2012, Carnegie Museum of Art accomplished its most important and most visitor-focused transformations since the opening of the Scaife wing with the reopening of its Scaife Galleries after year-long renovations, which included new presentations of its vast collections and the display of more artwork. In 2014, The Andy Warhol Museum rehung its collection, telling the story of Andy Warhol’s life and artwork chronologically for the first time to spectacular effect. In 2017, Carnegie Museums launched a collaborative event series, Carnegie Nexus, that reaches across the arts and sciences to design experiences that animate pressing issues of our time and instigate new ways to examine our world through live performance, the visual and literary arts, and thoughtful conversation. And in 2018, Carnegie Science Center completed a major expansion: PPG Science Pavilion, which houses a suite of STEM Learning Labs; a Special Exhibitions Gallery for large-scale changing exhibitions; a laser digital giant-screen theater; and outdoor learning spaces on the riverfront.   
Click above for visual snapshots from our 125 year story in the making.    
 
Notice of Compliance with Title VI, Title IX, Section 504, and the ADA 
Policy on Non-Discrimination and Non-Harassment Under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and The Age Discrimination Act of 1975
Title IX Compliance
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh (CMP) prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in its educational programs, activities, and employment practices. Prohibited conduct includes all forms of sex and gender-based discrimination, harassment, violence, assault, dating violence, domestic violence, interpersonal violence, stalking, and sexual exploitation. This policy prohibits sex discrimination or harassment against all CMP employees and all students who participate in CMP’s educational programs or activities by any persons involved in CMP’s operations and educational activities, regardless of their position, including: employees, volunteers, students, trustees, advisory board members, committee members, contractors, vendors, or other CMP-affiliated individuals.
Title VI, Section 504, and Age Discrimination Act Compliance
CMP also prohibits discrimination or harassment against students who participate in CMP’s educational activities or programs by any persons involved in CMP’s operations and educational activities, regardless of their position, on the basis of age (40 and over), race, color, national origin, or disability, as required by law.
CMP also prohibits retaliation against someone for reporting prohibited conduct.
This policy requires CMP to: 1) investigate reports of prohibited conduct under this policy, 2) establish formal and informal grievance procedures to ensure a fair process, and 3) appoint Coordinators. Inquiries or complaints related to this policy should be directed to CMP’s Department of Human Resources at HRConnect@carnegiemuseums.org or 412-622-3311.
Anyone who violates this policy will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including suspension, expulsion, and/or termination of employment.
Role and Responsibilities of the CMP Coordinators
CMP has designated a Title VI, Title IX, Section 504, and ADA Coordinator (“Coordinator”). Additionally, CMP has designated a Deputy Coordinator for each museum component and central services department and for its students. The Coordinator is responsible for: 1) ensuring CMP complies with and carries out its responsibilities under Title VI, Title IX, Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act, and the Age Discrimination Act, and its implementing regulations; 2) educating the museum community about how to file a complaint and the investigation process; and 3) overseeing the implementation of this policy, grievance procedures, and the investigation process.
All questions or complaints may be referred to the Coordinators at the Department of Human Resources. General contact information for the office is below. Information about specific personnel for each component within the office can be found in CMP’s grievance procedure within this policy, entitled “Reporting Procedure for Sex Discrimination & Harassment.”
Coordinators can be reached at the Department of Human Resources, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh, 4400 Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, 412-622-3311, HRConnect@carnegiemuseums.org.
The CMP Coordinator is: Knowledgeable about and trained in CMP’s policies and procedures against harassment and discrimination;
Involved in drafting and revising CMP’s policies and procedures to ensure compliance with federal and state law;
Available to advise any individual, including a complainant, a respondent, or a third party, about the courses of action available at the museum, both informally and formally;
 Available to advise any CMP community member about how to appropriately respond to reported misconduct;
Responsible for monitoring outcomes, identifying and addressing patterns, assessing effects on museum climate, and overseeing compliance with all procedural requirements outlined in the policy; and
Authorized to determine outcomes of complaints so long as no conflict of interest exist. Scope of Policy
This policy supplements CMP’s other anti-discrimination and harassment policies for persons covered by the terms of this policy.
Prohibited Conduct Defined – Harassment and Discrimination
Sex Harassment and Discrimination
All CMP employees, volunteers, students, trustees, advisory board members, committee members, contractors, vendors, or other CMP-affiliated individuals are prohibited from discriminating against or harassing CMP employees and students who participate in CMP’s educational programs or activities under this policy based on that individual’s sex or gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, and regardless of the harasser’s sex or gender. Sexual harassment means any harassment based on someone’s sex or gender. It includes harassment that is not sexual in nature (for example, offensive remarks about an individual’s sex or gender), as well as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors or visuals, or any other conduct that is of a sexual nature. Sexual harassment includes various forms of offensive behavior based on sex. Examples of prohibited conduct can be found in CMP’s policy on “Sexual & Other Unlawful Harassment.”
Other Harassment or Discrimination
Under this policy, CMP also prohibits discrimination or harassment by employees, volunteers, students, trustees, advisory board members, committee members, contractors, vendors, or other CMP-affiliated individuals against students who participate in CMP’s educational activities or programs on the basis of that student’s age (40 and over), race, color, national origin, or disability, as required by law.
Complaint Procedure
Any CMP employee or student who believes they have been subjected to prohibited discrimination, harassment or retaliation under this policy, or who are aware of perceived discrimination, harassment or retaliation against other CMP employees or students covered by this policy that violates this policy, should immediately report any such conduct to the Coordinator under the “Reporting Procedure for Discrimination and Harassment” outlined in this policy.
Reporting Procedure for Discrimination & Harassment
CMP encourages any CMP employee or student covered by this policy who believes they have been subjected to prohibited discrimination, harassment, or retaliation under this policy, or who are aware of any such conduct against others, to immediately provide a written or verbal report to the Department of Human Resources Coordinators. Each CMP component has a primary Coordinator along with deputy coordinators, whose information is contained in this policy.
Complaints may also be made to the Department of Human Resources by email at HRConnect@CarnegieMuseums.org. Complaints may also be made anonymously using the CMP EthicsPoint Hotline online at www.carnegiemuseums.ethicspoint.com or by calling 844.598.1863.
Coordinator 
Brian Harkins
VP of Human Resources
412-622-3331
HarkinsB@CarnegieMuseums.org
Deputy Coordinator
Alison Rippole
Senior HR Consultant
412-622-3217
RippoleA@CarnegieMuseums.org
Deputy Coordinators by Component
Carnegie Science Center and Carnegie Museum of Art
Erin Kenavey
Director of Human Resources
412-622-3180
KenaveyE@CarnegieMuseums.org
The Andy Warhol Museum and Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Joan Kennedy
HR Manager
412-353-4610
KennedyJ@CarnegieMuseums.org
Deputy Coordinators for Central Services Departments
Erin Kenavey
Director of Human Resources
412-622-3180
KenaveyE@CarnegieMuseums.org
Joan Kennedy
HR Manager
412-353-4610
KennedyJ@CarnegieMuseums.org
General Reporting Principles
All complaints are investigated promptly, thoroughly, and objectively. Confidentiality will be maintained to the extent practical and permitted by law. Investigations will be conducted as confidentially as possible and related information will only be shared with others on a need-to-know basis. Those involved in such investigations are required to be truthful, accurate, and cooperative throughout the investigation process. Those who report misconduct are known as complainants. Those against whom a complaint is lodged are known as respondents.
Complaints should be as detailed as possible and include a description of the complained of conduct, the names of all individuals involved as well as any witnesses, and the dates on which the complained of conduct occurred. If discrimination, harassment, or retaliation is substantiated, appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including suspension, expulsion, and/or termination of employment, will be taken. CMP may also report conduct to law enforcement, as appropriate.
Initial Assessment
The Coordinator will conduct an initial assessment of any reported conduct. As part of the assessment, the Coordinator will, among other things: consider the expressed resolution preferences by the reporting party; assess the circumstances surrounding the alleged misconduct; address any immediate physical and emotional safety concerns; notify the reporting party of their right to contact law enforcement if warranted by the circumstances; provide the reporting party with information about the procedural options available under this policy; assess for pattern evidence by the respondent; and explain CMP’s policy prohibiting retaliation.
Following the initial assessment, the Coordinator will determine whether this policy is implicated and whether an informal or formal resolution is appropriate and articulate those conclusions to the complainant. CMP strives to assess, investigate, and resolve all reports of potential misconduct under this policy within sixty (60) days.
Resolution and Investigation Procedures
Informal Resolution
CMP’s informal resolution process aims to appropriately investigate and, if necessary, address alleged misconduct without requiring a formal resolution process described below. Under an informal resolution process, a complainant reports alleged misconduct under this policy to the Coordinator. The Coordinator will give notice to the respondent of the alleged misconduct and may gather necessary facts by interviewing the complainant and respondent. At their discretion, the Coordinator may gather additional information by meeting with relevant witnesses (identified by either the Coordinator or the complainant and respondent) and collecting any evidence, including correspondence between the parties. Each party may be heard throughout the informal resolution process. CMP strives to complete any informal resolution process within thirty (30) days; however, the timeline may be longer due to the complexity of the allegations. Following an investigation, the Coordinator may or may not then impose sanctions or other disciplinary action as appropriate. Neither party may appeal an informal resolution once final.
Formal Resolution
If the Coordinator deems a formal resolution to be appropriate, CMP will begin the formal resolution process described in this sub-section. CMP strives to complete any formal resolution process within sixty (60) days excluding any appeals; however, the timeline may be longer due to the complexity of the allegations. During an investigation, both complainants and respondents may have an appropriate advisor who may observe any hearings or interviews as well as provide support, guidance, and advice during an investigation.
The Coordinator will begin or continue an investigation by providing written notice to each party that an investigation has begun and will also appoint an investigator. The appointed investigator may be a CMP Coordinator that will not formally adjudicate the complaint or external appointed investigator appointed at CMP’s sole discretion. The appointed investigator will gather necessary facts by interviewing the complainant and respondent. At their discretion, the investigator may conduct other fact-finding by meeting with relevant witnesses and gathering any evidence, including correspondence between the parties. Each party is entitled to be heard throughout the investigation process.
Following the investigation, the investigator will submit a written report summarizing the facts and outlining areas of agreement and disagreement between the parties. The report may redact irrelevant or prejudicial information as necessary. The Coordinator will then share the report with each party, allowing them time to review. A party has five (5) days to review the report and submit responses for consideration into the final report.
Once a report is finalized, the investigator will determine whether the respondent is responsible for the alleged misconduct. The investigator will use a “preponderance of the evidence” standard and inquire whether the evidence is sufficient to support a finding of misconduct. Upon this determination, the investigator will recommend adjudicatory action and sanctions to the Coordinator, including, but not limited to: a warning letter, suspension, expulsion, termination, or a no contact order. The Coordinator will then formally adjudicate through a written letter to each party notifying them of the outcome.
Either party has the right to appeal the adjudicatory action letter submitted by the Coordinator. A party must appeal the letter in writing within ten (10) days and must state one of three limited grounds: 1) a procedural error which materially affected the outcome of the investigation; 2) the existence of new information unavailable to the investigators during the investigation which could have materially affected the outcome; or 3) the recommendation of the investigators and/or adjudicatory action taken by the Coordinator was clearly erroneous based on the evidence gathered during the investigation.
Appeals must be heard by an Appeal Officer. The Appeal Officer may be any Coordinator or Deputy Coordinator not involved in the original proceeding. The Appeal Officer will review the findings of fact, investigation record, investigator recommendations, and adjudication letter to determine whether the appealed decision should be affirmed or reversed. The Appeal Officer must submit a written determination within fifteen (15) days of an appeal.   

 Become a Member 
Members explore more at Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. Enjoy unlimited free admission to four world-class museums. Members receive great discounts, exclusive access, special events and more. Plus, your membership support ensures that our community continues to experience the treasures of the four Carnegie Museums.    
Membership Levels   All members enjoy Membership Benefits: FREE general admission for one year to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center (including Highmark SportsWorks®), and The Andy Warhol Museum
Invitations to members-only events and programming
Free reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers
Discounts on classes, camps, education films at The Rangos Giant Cinema, laser shows, lectures, and special events
A 10% discount in museum stores and cafes (20% store discount during Member Shopping Days)
Free subscription to Carnegie magazine
Free Carnegie Kid’s Club card, valid for one prize per month at the museum stores  
Senior Membership
$55/$4.58 monthly Membership includes 1 named individual (age 65+) Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Individual Membership
$75/$6.25 monthly Membership includes 1 named individual Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Dual Membership
$105/$8.75 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults or 1 Adult and 1 child
Free reciprocal admission at an additional 275+ ROAM museums and arboretums Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Family Membership
$160/$13.33 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults + 4 Children 
Free reciprocal admission at an additional 275+ ROAM museums and arboretums Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Premium Membership
$275/$22.90 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults + 8 Guests (adults or children)
Free reciprocal admission at an additional 275+ ROAM museums and arboretums, plus 20+ major art and natural history museums
10 half-off coupons for educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema Benefits valued at $55 JOIN/RENEW  Teen Membership
Free for teens 13–18 years old JOIN  Carnegie Connectors
Join the Carnegie Connectors, a new membership for young professionals, ages 21 to 40, who have a drive to create a community based on shared interests in art, science, and natural history. LEARN MORE   How about giving the gift of membership? It’s a great way to share with others the fun and inspiration of the four Carnegie Museums. Give a gift membership. Support the museums, support the community.
A gift to Carnegie Museums reaches the community in so many rewarding ways. Join us as we help teach and inspire our region’s school children. Help us bring exhibitions to the region that only Carnegie Museums could bring—the kinds of exhibitions that engage people from all walks in life in the wonders of science, the powerful reach of art in all its forms, the joy of discovery. Explore our levels of giving below.    
Donors Circle  
All Donors Enjoy: All standard membership benefits including FREE general admission to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum
Exclusive events including member tours, exhibition previews, lectures, and receptions
Free reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers, 275+ ROAM art museums and arboretums, plus 20+ major art and natural history museums
A select number of complimentary vouchers for educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema plus discounts on films (excludes Hollywood films)  
Friend
$350-$499 2 adults, 2 children, and up to 8 guests
10 free tickets for educational films at The Rangos
Exclusive access to donor events and previews Benefits valued at $195 JOIN/RENEW  Guild
$500-$999 2 adults + 2 children + 8 guests
12 free tickets for educational films at The Rangos
Exclusive access to donor events and previews
Private docent-led tour for up to 12 people at Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, or The Andy Warhol Museum Benefits valued at $211 JOIN/RENEW  Benefactor
$1,000-$1,894 2 adults + 2 children + 8 guests
15 free tickets for educational films at The Rangos
Exclusive access to donor events and previews 
Private docent-led tour for up to 12 people at Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, or The Andy Warhol Museum
Private submarine tour for up to 8 people
Recognition on donor plaques prominently displayed at Carnegie Museum of Art or Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Private film screening event at The Rangos
One complimentary Individual gift membership Benefits valued at $310 JOIN/RENEW       
Patrons Circle  
All Patrons Enjoy: Includes all Donor benefits Optional complimentary Family Gift Membership** Recognition online
Private submarine tour for up to 8 people
Private educator-led tour for up to 12 people at any of the four Carnegie Museums
*Invitation to a special viewing of a Rangos Giant Cinema film
Invitations to exclusive Donor and Patrons Circle events (behind-the-scenes encounters, conversations with curators, and more)
Personalized Services line: 412.622.5772 *Not including Hollywood films
** All Patrons Circle contributions have a fair market value at $395 per level. Includes optional benefit of a Complimentary Family level Membership to give to a friend (valued at $160).  For additional tax savings, you may decline this optional benefit or all benefits to make a full contribution.  1895 Society
$1,895-$2,499 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for 2 adults, 2 children, and 8 guests
Optional complimentary Family Gift Membership** Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Curators Society
$2,500-$4,999 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for 2 adults, 2 children, and 8 guests
Optional complimentary Family Gift Membership**
Private event with a Museum Curator Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Directors Society
$5,000-$9,999 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for 2 adults, 2 children, and 8 guests
Private event with a Museum Director
All Curators Society benefits Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Presidents Society
$10,000-$24,999 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for you and an unlimited number of guests
Free parking
Private event with the President
All Directors Society benefits Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Carnegie Founders Society
$25,000 or more Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for you and an unlimited number of guests
Free parking
Private museum visit with the President for you and four guests
All Presidents Society benefits Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW    
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   Contact Us 
We’re waiting to hear from you. Do you have feedback on a story or an idea for a future issue? 
Write to us at carnegiemagazine@carnegiemuseums.org or
Carnegie magazine
4400 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
Or Call Us:
Mike Kainaroi
Art Director
412.578.2244
 
Please send ADDRESS CHANGES to:
membership@carnegiemuseums.org
Or
Membership Department
4400 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213    
    
Plan a Visit 
Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History
ADDRESS:
4400 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
412.622.3131 HOURS:
Mon., Wed., Fri.-Sun. 10 a.m.–5 p.m.
Thurs.: 10 a.m.–8 p.m.;
Closed Tuesdays HOLIDAYS/CLOSINGS:
The museums are closed on Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year’s Day. Closing at 3 p.m. on Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve. Open Tuesday Dec. 26.
ADMISSION:
Plan your next visit with timed ticketing.
Adults: $25
Seniors (65+): $20
Students with ID/Children age 3–18: $15
Members/Children 2 and under: Free
Weekdays after 3 p.m.: Half-price admission
SPECIAL OFFERS:
See discounts and offers for active U.S. Military, students, teachers, and more. 
PARKING:
The parking lot is located directly behind the museum and may be accessed from the intersection of Forbes Avenue and South Craig Street. Cash and credit cards are accepted at pay stations, and credit cards only are accepted at the parking lot exit lanes. 
DINING:
Café Carnegie is open for on-site dining or for takeout on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from 11 a.m.-3 p.m., Thursday 11 a.m. to 3 p.m., 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. and the Coffee and Wine Bar is open Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from 9a.m.-5 p.m., Thursday 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Fossil Fuels is open Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Tuesday 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., Saturday, Sunday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
ACCESSIBILITY: The museums are continually working to make programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors.  Carnegie Science Center
ADDRESS:
One Allegheny Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15212
412.237.3400
HOURS:
Open Daily 10 a.m.–5 p.m.;
Closed Tuesdays
CLOSINGS/HOLIDAYS:
Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas, and dates of home Steelers games and other major events at Acrisure Stadium. See the Science Center’s Museum Hours  page for complete details. ADMISSION:
Plan your next visit with timed ticketing.
See pricing. SPECIAL OFFERS:
See discounts and offers.
PARKING:
$6 per vehicle. You can use the pay station to pay for parking at the beginning of your visit, as you are leaving, or any time in between. 
DINING:
The River View Café is open from 10 a.m.-3 p.m.
ACCESSIBILITY:
The museums are continually working to make programs and exhibitions accessible to all visitors.   
 
Carnegie Museums Visitor Conduct Policy  The Andy Warhol Museum
ADDRESS:
117 Sandusky Street
Pittsburgh, PA 15212-5890
412.237.8300 HOURS:
Mon., Wed., Thurs., Sat., Sun. 10 a.m.–5 p.m.
Fri. 10 a.m.–10 p.m. (half price 5–10 p.m.)
Closed Tuesdays HOLIDAYS/CLOSINGS:
The museum is closed on Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year’s Day. Closing at 3 p.m. on Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve. Open Tuesday De. 26.
ADMISSION:
Plan your next visit with timed ticketing. Adults: $25
Students with valid ID: $13
Seniors (65+): $13
Children (3-18): $13
Members/Children 2 and under: Free
Fridays 5–10 p.m.: Half-price admission
SPECIAL OFFERS:
Half-priced admission from 5–10 p.m. every Friday. See additional discounts and offers.
PARKING:
Museum parking is located one block north of the museum on Sandusky Street ($8). Additional public parking is available behind the museum in the General Robinson Street parking garage (average $6, prices may vary during nearby stadium events).
DINING:
The Warhol Café is open during museum hours and accessible without museum admission.
ACCESSIBILITY:
The museums are committed to providing excellent experiences for all visitors. Learn more about accessibility accommodations.   
    
Carnegie Museums in Oakland 
Home to Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History, this historic building offers more than 10 unique spaces for your next special event. From gilded halls and marble columns to contemporary corridors and scenic overlooks. Carnegie Music Hall and the Music Hall Foyer are arguably the grandest event spaces in all of Pittsburgh. The statuesque Hall of Architecture and Hall of Sculpture will give your event the unique twist your guests will remember. Scaife Foyer is a contemporary space ideal for cocktail receptions. If you want to have a drink with Carnegie’s world-famous dinosaurs, the Foster Overlook is the perfect spot. The Founder’s Room is the very space where Andrew Carnegie once greeted his museum guests. 
Featuring spaces large and small, stately and contemporary, Carnegie Museums in Oakland can host the picture-perfect event. 
Food and beverage is provided by our on-site exclusive caterer, and we’re happy to work with you to plan your menu. See our current menus.
Make your wedding day truly distinctive. Carnegie Museums in Oakland: Wedding Catering Packages
Tell us about your event and let us get back to you with ideas. Complete an About My Event form.
You can also call us at 412.622.3393 or email us.
Image Gallery     
Carnegie Music Hall Foyer 
The dramatic Music Hall Foyer boasts a soaring 50 foot ceiling of gilded baroque décor, supported by pillars of marble from five different countries. In addition, an ornate metal balcony overlooks this elegant space.
Capacity:
Seated – 500 (main floor + balcony)
Cocktails – 1,000
Wedding Reception – 320  
Carnegie Music Hall 
Make your next presentation or meeting a well-orchestrated performance in Carnegie Music Hall. Built in 1895, it makes guests feel as if they’ve stepped back in time, with richly appointed crimson velvet seats, a storied stage, and near-perfect acoustics.
Capacity:
Theater seating – 1,550*
*Accessible seating available.  
Hall of Architecture 
Inspired by the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, one of the Seven Wonders of the World, this spectacular room is home to more than 140 beautiful plaster-cast replicas of ancient masterpieces. Its sky-lit space is practically designed for a dinner party.
Capacity:
Seated with dance floor – 90
Standing Cocktails  – 150*
Wedding Ceremony – 150*
*Seasonal availability–call for details.  
Hall of Sculpture 
Distinguished by a double tier of columns and a balcony, the hall is modeled after the Parthenon’s inner sanctuary. The dramatic space is constructed with brilliant white marble from the same quarries in Greece that provided the stone for the Parthenon. Simply a one-of-a-kind space for your event.
Capacity:
Seated – 220
Cocktails – 300
Wedding Reception – 120*
Wedding Ceremony – 250
*Seasonal availability–call for details.  
Grand Staircase Mezzanine 
This three-story staircase and balcony has the most amazing ambiance, thanks to the light-colored marble that encloses it as well as a ceiling full of skylights. A mural by John White Alexander covers almost 4,000 square feet of wall space.
Capacity:
Cocktails – 150
Wedding Ceremony – 150 standing  
Scaife Foyer 
Connecting art with dinosaurs is the Scaife Foyer, with a floor-to-ceiling view of the Museum of Art Sculpture Court.
Capacity:
Cocktails – 300  
Foster Overlook 
For a space that’s classic, go Jurassic. This scenic mezzanine level overlooks the Dinosaurs in Their Time exhibition, which features scientifically accurate, immersive environments spanning the Mesozoic Era. Dinosaurs are arranged chronologically and filled with actively posed original fossil specimens.
Capacity:
Seated – 60
Cocktails – 100  
Founders Room 
The space where Andrew Carnegie once welcomed his guests to his museums, the Founders Room features an ornate high ceiling, hanging alabaster lamps, and a gorgeous fireplace. The room lends an air of sophisticated elegance to any meeting, dinner, or small cocktail reception.
Capacity:
Seated – 40
Cocktails – 60
Theater-style – 60  
Hall of North American Wildlife 
Turn your guests loose among black bears and jaguars in this second-floor space. Features some of the continent’s most amazing animals in natural habitat dioramas and offers visitors a unique perspective on its wildlife.
Capacity:
Seated – 120
Cocktails – 150
Wedding Ceremony – 150*
*Subject to exhibit layout.  
Hillman Hall and PaleoLab Lobby 
This spectacular lobby features a breathtaking display of mineral and gem specimens, and includes access to the entire Hillman Hall of Minerals and Gems. A jewel box of lush colors, wondrous forms, and striking contrasts, the hall showcases more than 1,300 minerals and gems from all over the world, including a section on minerals found right here in our backyards. New acquisitions are added to the collection on an ongoing basis.
Capacity: 
Seated Dinner – 30
Cocktails – 100  
The Café Carnegie 
Located on the main floor of the Museum of Art, The Carnegie Cafe is a space of simple, contemporary sophistication. One side of the café has floor-to-ceiling glass walls where guests can look out onto the front patio and decorative fountain outside.
Capacity:
Seated – 120
Cocktails – 120  
Carnegie Museum of Art Theater 
This state-of-the-art theater houses a 14 x14-foot screen, wood-paneled walls, and an elevated, carpeted stage with lectern. Ideal for a breakout session, presentations, or panel discussions.
Capacity:
Seating – 178   
Note: Carnegie Museums reserves the right to decline or cancel bookings for our Event Spaces because of concerns regarding property damage, safety risks, legal liability and/or reputational harm to Carnegie Museums.  Further, Carnegie Museums does not accept bookings for partisan political events or fundraisers, including voter education, registration and get-out-the-vote drives led by partisan groups.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us  
Tag: Where Art & Science Meet 
    :
                  
Objects of Our Affection: ‘Golden Orioles’
fleisherc 
Carnegie Museums is home to some of the most significant collections in the world. Here we showcase some of the most compelling objects.      Five Things: Fall 2024
Michael 
Art and science news you can use.      Living Artwork
By Nichole Faina 
The chemical reaction that produced Andy Warhol’s ‘Oxidation’ series means it continues to change, raising issues for how to conserve it for future generations.      Seen + Heard: Fall 2024
Michael 
In brief, what’s new around the museums.      Five Things: Summer 2024
Michael 
Art and science news you can use.      Seen + Heard: Summer 2024
fleisherc 
In brief, what’s new around the museums.      The STEM of Animation
By Barbara Klein 
The new Pixar exhibition at Carnegie Science Center offers insights into how the animation studio created some of its most iconic films.      Seen+Heard: Spring 2024
Michael 
In brief, what’s new around the museums.      Five Things: Spring 2024
Michael 
Art and science news you can use.      Five Things: Winter 2023
Michael 
Art and science news you can use.   
 Topics Art
Science & Nature
Face Time Q&A
Behind the Scenes
The Inclusive Museum
Community
STEM
Carnegie International
Where Art & Science Meet 
Current Issue
Archive
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us   
Photo: Joshua Franzos   The Dinosaur that Changed the World
Dippy continues to fascinate the public 125 years after it arrived at Carnegie Museum of Natural History. 
By Jason Bittel  Featured Stories ArtCommunityThe Inclusive Museum   Everybody’s welcome on this dance floor
Now more than ever, The Andy Warhol Museum’s annual LGBTQ+ Youth Prom provides a space of connection and community.
Story by Nichole Faina; Photos by Stephanie Strasburg 
ArtCommunityThe Inclusive Museum   A Living Archive
A new gallery reinstallation at Carnegie Museum of Art will give visitors unprecedented access to the Charles ‘Teenie’ Harris Archive.
By B. Denise Hawkins   
ArtWarhol   A Feminine Force
Women and femmes, integral in the making of Andy Warhol, take center stage.     
By Cristina Rouvalis 
Science & Nature   A Knotty Conversation
Botanists at Carnegie Museum of Natural History are researching new ways to discuss invasive plants.      
By Chris Fleisher 
STEMWhere Art & Science Meet   The STEM of Animation
The new Pixar exhibition at Carnegie Science Center offers insights into how the animation studio created some of its most iconic films.
By Barbara Klein 
Science & Nature   A Martian Garden Comes Alive
Edible plants grown as part of the Science Center’s Mars exhibition inspire ideas for sustainably producing healthy food in challenging environments. 
By Sally Quinn  
Current Issue   
Receive more stories in your email
Sign up 
Science & Nature  
“We’re living the climate change right now.” Rural communities in western Pennsylvania are suffering the effects of increasingly extreme weather and other consequences of a warming world. Carnegie Museum of Natural History hopes to help connect those seeking solutions.
By Jason Bittel 
Art  
A Maverick with a Camera A new exhibition puts a spotlight on photographer Gordon Parks’ little-known images—at once gritty and beautiful—of industrial life in 1940s Pittsburgh.
By Jennifer Davis  
ArtNatural HistoryScienceWarhol  
Being Social A lifeline for museums during the COVID lockdown, social media is becoming even more essential to reaching new audiences now. 
By Barbara Klein        
Big Picture 
SPRINGTIME AT POWDERMILL will no doubt attract nature lovers eager far and wide. The bucolic Nature Center welcomes visitors year-round who come to the Laurel Highlands nature reserve to learn more about the natural world and enjoy Powdermill’s scenic trails. Summer campers will be returning this June.     Face Time   Hope Gillespie 
There’s a movie poster of Harrison Ford’s iconic character Indiana Jones fixed to Hope Gillespie’s office wall at Carnegie Science Center. It is there for professional inspiration as much as workplace decor. “I cannot overstate the influence Indiana Jones has had on my life,” says Gillespie, who is the museum experiences officer at the Science Center. The film franchise piqued her interest in archaeology—she holds a bachelor’s degree in archaeology from The George Washington University and a master’s degree in the discipline from University College London. But she also just loves the character’s catchphrase about artifacts—“It belongs in a museum”—that informs her work to this day. Since joining the Science Center in 2021, Gillespie has put her archaeology background to use by spending months researching upcoming exhibitions. Her work ranges from studying delicate waterlogged objects in TITANIC: The Artifact Exhibition, the blockbuster exhibition that closed in April, to researching the process of animation for The Science Behind Pixar, which opened May 25. Gillespie trains staff and produces supplementary materials to enhance exhibitions. She also spends a lot of time answering visitors’ questions, which is the part of her job she loves most. “I love teaching,” Gillespie says. “I didn’t think that informal education was my superpower until I started to do it.”     Gina Winstead   Marcus Harshaw   Gretchen Baker        Trương Công Tùng, installation view of the state of absence—voices from outside, 2020, in the 58th Carnegie International, Courtesy of the artist and Carnegie Museum of Art.
Photo: Sean Eaton 
Inside the Museums 
Conservators play a critical role in not only the preservation of art but also its creation. They are partners with artists to realize their vision, even as they are stewards of it and the museum where it will be exhibited.   
    
About Us 
There’s no cultural organization in the world quite like Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. With a legacy of discovery and outreach dating back to 1895, today we are a family of four diverse, dynamic museums: Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum. We’re committed to being inclusive, both on-site and online, and to exploring with our audiences the big ideas and issues of our time.
Our mission: To preserve and expand the resources of art and science as agents of personal growth and social advancement in Pittsburgh and beyond.
Our Core Values.
Our Vision for Impact.
Copies of Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh’s Federal IRS form 990 and audited financial statements are available upon request.      Our History  Check out some fascinating highlights from 1895 to today.    Our Museums  Each of the four Carnegie Museums has its own distinct personality and incredible experiences to offer.    Our Impact  As the largest and most far-reaching cultural organization in the Pittsburgh region, each year Carnegie Museums serves 1.5 million people, including more than 249,000 schoolchildren.   Our Leaders  Our example as a cultural leader and champion of the Pittsburgh region starts at the top.   Opportunities  As the region’s largest cultural organization, Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh offers opportunities to make a difference in southwestern Pennsylvania and beyond.   Contact Us  We'd love to hear from you.  
 Become a Member 
Members explore more at Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh. Enjoy unlimited free admission to four world-class museums. Members receive great discounts, exclusive access, special events and more. Plus, your membership support ensures that our community continues to experience the treasures of the four Carnegie Museums.    
Membership Levels   All members enjoy Membership Benefits: FREE general admission for one year to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center (including Highmark SportsWorks®), and The Andy Warhol Museum
Invitations to members-only events and programming
Free reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers
Discounts on classes, camps, education films at The Rangos Giant Cinema, laser shows, lectures, and special events
A 10% discount in museum stores and cafes (20% store discount during Member Shopping Days)
Free subscription to Carnegie magazine
Free Carnegie Kid’s Club card, valid for one prize per month at the museum stores  
Senior Membership
$55/$4.58 monthly Membership includes 1 named individual (age 65+) Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Individual Membership
$75/$6.25 monthly Membership includes 1 named individual Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Dual Membership
$105/$8.75 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults or 1 Adult and 1 child
Free reciprocal admission at an additional 275+ ROAM museums and arboretums Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Family Membership
$160/$13.33 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults + 4 Children 
Free reciprocal admission at an additional 275+ ROAM museums and arboretums Benefits valued at $15 JOIN/RENEW  Premium Membership
$275/$22.90 monthly Membership includes 2 Adults + 8 Guests (adults or children)
Free reciprocal admission at an additional 275+ ROAM museums and arboretums, plus 20+ major art and natural history museums
10 half-off coupons for educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema Benefits valued at $55 JOIN/RENEW  Teen Membership
Free for teens 13–18 years old JOIN  Carnegie Connectors
Join the Carnegie Connectors, a new membership for young professionals, ages 21 to 40, who have a drive to create a community based on shared interests in art, science, and natural history. LEARN MORE   How about giving the gift of membership? It’s a great way to share with others the fun and inspiration of the four Carnegie Museums. Give a gift membership. Support the museums, support the community.
A gift to Carnegie Museums reaches the community in so many rewarding ways. Join us as we help teach and inspire our region’s school children. Help us bring exhibitions to the region that only Carnegie Museums could bring—the kinds of exhibitions that engage people from all walks in life in the wonders of science, the powerful reach of art in all its forms, the joy of discovery. Explore our levels of giving below.    
Donors Circle  
All Donors Enjoy: All standard membership benefits including FREE general admission to Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, Carnegie Science Center, and The Andy Warhol Museum
Exclusive events including member tours, exhibition previews, lectures, and receptions
Free reciprocal admission at 300+ ASTC museums and science centers, 275+ ROAM art museums and arboretums, plus 20+ major art and natural history museums
A select number of complimentary vouchers for educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema plus discounts on films (excludes Hollywood films)  
Friend
$350-$499 2 adults, 2 children, and up to 8 guests
10 free tickets for educational films at The Rangos
Exclusive access to donor events and previews Benefits valued at $195 JOIN/RENEW  Guild
$500-$999 2 adults + 2 children + 8 guests
12 free tickets for educational films at The Rangos
Exclusive access to donor events and previews
Private docent-led tour for up to 12 people at Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, or The Andy Warhol Museum Benefits valued at $211 JOIN/RENEW  Benefactor
$1,000-$1,894 2 adults + 2 children + 8 guests
15 free tickets for educational films at The Rangos
Exclusive access to donor events and previews 
Private docent-led tour for up to 12 people at Carnegie Museum of Art, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, or The Andy Warhol Museum
Private submarine tour for up to 8 people
Recognition on donor plaques prominently displayed at Carnegie Museum of Art or Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Private film screening event at The Rangos
One complimentary Individual gift membership Benefits valued at $310 JOIN/RENEW       
Patrons Circle  
All Patrons Enjoy: Includes all Donor benefits Optional complimentary Family Gift Membership** Recognition online
Private submarine tour for up to 8 people
Private educator-led tour for up to 12 people at any of the four Carnegie Museums
*Invitation to a special viewing of a Rangos Giant Cinema film
Invitations to exclusive Donor and Patrons Circle events (behind-the-scenes encounters, conversations with curators, and more)
Personalized Services line: 412.622.5772 *Not including Hollywood films
** All Patrons Circle contributions have a fair market value at $395 per level. Includes optional benefit of a Complimentary Family level Membership to give to a friend (valued at $160).  For additional tax savings, you may decline this optional benefit or all benefits to make a full contribution.  1895 Society
$1,895-$2,499 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for 2 adults, 2 children, and 8 guests
Optional complimentary Family Gift Membership** Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Curators Society
$2,500-$4,999 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for 2 adults, 2 children, and 8 guests
Optional complimentary Family Gift Membership**
Private event with a Museum Curator Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Directors Society
$5,000-$9,999 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for 2 adults, 2 children, and 8 guests
Private event with a Museum Director
All Curators Society benefits Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Presidents Society
$10,000-$24,999 Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for you and an unlimited number of guests
Free parking
Private event with the President
All Directors Society benefits Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW  Carnegie Founders Society
$25,000 or more Free museum admission and free unlimited educational films at The Rangos Giant Cinema* for you and an unlimited number of guests
Free parking
Private museum visit with the President for you and four guests
All Presidents Society benefits Benefits valued at $395 JOIN/RENEW    
