
Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/events
Time left to complete order
Tickets & Events
Calendar
Series & Packages
Festivals
Need 10 or more tickets?
University Student Tickets
Seating Charts
FAQ - Ticketing
Gift Cards
Official Ticket Source
Ticket Donations
Venue Tours
Looking for more?
Join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events!

Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/visual-arts
Time left to complete order
Visual Arts
The Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust present exhibitions of contemporary art by regional, national, and international artists. The Trust currently operates five distinct exhibition spaces in downtown Pittsburgh’s 14-block Cultural District including Wood Street Galleries, a historic exhibition space dedicated to new and emerging media.
The Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust are FREE and open to the public.
Gallery Hours
Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm Closed 1 - 1:30pm
Current Exhibitions
On Air: Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis Fri, Jul 26 - Sun, Feb 16, 2025 Free
On Air: Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis
Fri, Jul 26 - Sun, Feb 16, 2025
Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Jan 12, 2025 Free
Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone
Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Jan 12, 2025
Associated Artists of Pittsburgh 110th Annual Exhibition Thu, Sep 12 - Sun, Jan 12, 2025 Free
Associated Artists of Pittsburgh 110th Annual Exhibition
Thu, Sep 12 - Sun, Jan 12, 2025
Public Art
Since 1984, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust has commissioned ambitious and transformative temporary and permanent public art projects throughout the downtown Pittsburgh area that engage with artists from broad disciplines.
A Sudden Gust of Wind Fri, Apr 26 - Mon, Mar 31, 2025
A Sudden Gust of Wind
Fri, Apr 26 - Mon, Mar 31, 2025
No events are currently available. Please check back later
Thaddeus Mosley Thu, Aug 29 - Sun, Aug 31, 2025 Free Visual Arts
Thaddeus Mosley
Thu, Aug 29 - Sun, Aug 31, 2025
Kim Bond: Tito Way Billboards Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Jan 12, 2025 Free Visual Arts
Kim Bond: Tito Way Billboards
Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Jan 12, 2025
Upcoming Exhibitions
Roger Jacoby: Pittsburgh Stories Fri, Oct 25 - Sun, Jan  5, 2025 Free Visual Arts
Roger Jacoby: Pittsburgh Stories
Fri, Oct 25 - Sun, Jan  5, 2025
Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Sat, Feb  1 - Sat, May 17, 2025 Film Free
Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur
Sat, Feb  1 - Sat, May 17, 2025
Galleries
Wood Street Galleries
SPACE Gallery
707 Penn Gallery
820 Liberty Gallery
Public Art
Upcoming Events
Email List
Be the first to hear about Visual Arts exhibitions, events, and more!
Visual Arts

Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/education
Time left to complete order
Arts Education
The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's Arts Education Department provides a wealth of exciting opportunities available to you – educator, student, and community member – for personal and professional growth through performances, workshops, classes, and other programs that nurture an appreciation and understanding through the arts. The immersive experiences are available to audiences of all ages and backgrounds.
Kids & Families
College & Adults
Educators & Schools
Made possible by
Looking for more?
Join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events!

Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/engagement
Time left to complete order
Community Engagement
The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is dedicated to offering a wide range of performing arts experiences that inspire and enrich individuals. Through its commitment to community engagement, initiatives are thoughtfully designed to reach and engage diverse communities across the Greater Pittsburgh region, fostering a deeper connection with the arts and creating a meaningful, lasting impact.
Explore the full scope of our Community Engagement initiatives below.
Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's Lullaby Project
Broadway Talk Back Series
Community Classes with Mr. Messado
Cultural Celebrations
Community Engagement

Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/support
Time left to complete order
Fuel your passion for the arts!
Imagine a future brimming with inclusive arts experiences and a revitalized downtown that buzzes with life. Your gift to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust helps make it a reality.
From individual champions to generous corporate partners, your support is vital. Ensure a vibrant Cultural District, year-round, with something for everyone. Donate today!
Every donation fuels Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's innovative arts programming, education initiatives, and a thriving downtown for everyone.
When you make an annual gift or become a monthly supporter, you help ensure that the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust continues to be your comprehensive arts destination!
Give Now
The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust serves the community in five key ways:
Individual Giving Donor Resources Corporate and Foundation Giving Tribute Gifts Planned Giving Make a Lasting Impact with a Donor-Advised Fund Gala
Individual Giving
Donor Resources
Corporate and Foundation Giving
Tribute Gifts
Planned Giving
Make a Lasting Impact with a Donor-Advised Fund
Gala
Support

Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/visit
Time left to complete order
Plan Your Visit
We’re so glad you decided to choose the Cultural District for your next arts adventure! Whether you’re new to this area or a frequent guest, we can’t wait to share the magic of live events with you.
The Cultural District is a project of the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s history. Dotted with theaters, restaurants, galleries, and public art, this neighborhood is home to Downtown’s dynamic arts, entertainment, and dining scene. Here, you’ll discover a spectrum of choices for entertainment, arts, and enlightenment including contemporary music, modern dance, visual art, and thought-provoking theater, as well as classical music, opera, ballet, popular musical theater, art film and more. You can find new and exciting things to do year-round in the Cultural District.
Directions & Parking
Facilities & Spaces
Dining
Hotels
Accessibility
Public Transportation
Safety, Security, and Health
Mobile Drink & Snack Orders
Visit

Fetching paragraphs from: https://trustarts.org/pct_home/about
Time left to complete order
About the Trust
Performing Arts. Visual Arts. Festivals. Arts Education. Urban Development.
Since 1984, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust, a non-profit arts organization, has worked to make the Steel City a place where the arts can flourish. Our efforts have focused on the cultural and economic development of the Cultural District, a 14-square-block area of downtown Pittsburgh. What was once a downtrodden red light district now thrives as a vibrant center for culture, art, food, and community. Pittsburgh’s Cultural District stands as a nationwide model for how the arts can play a pivotal role in urban revitalization.
Each year, millions of people visit the Cultural District to expand their horizons in our theaters, galleries, and public art environments. Patrons enjoy thousands of world-class performing arts events and visual arts exhibitions . Pittsburgh residents of all ages connect and learn with the Trust’s comprehensive education and community engagement opportunities. Local arts organizations collaborate to build a stronger cultural community through the power of partnerships .
The Cultural District acts as the anchor for all of that work. The Trust’s superior venues and gallery spaces allow resident companies, community organizations, artists, and promoters to reach audiences large and small. In total, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust manages more than one million square feet of real estate in the District. Step outside those buildings to find numerous public art installations that beautify Pittsburgh's largest arts neighborhood.
Lauded as “the single greatest creative force in Pittsburgh because of its spirit of reinvention” by the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, the Trust strives every day to enrich the city of Pittsburgh’s vibrancy, diversity, and prosperity.
About
