The event 'Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden' will take place on October 22, 202410:15 AM - 3:00 PM at LocationCheck in at the Grable Visitor Center. The cost is Description:Tours run Tuesdays through SundaysTimes:10:15 a.m. through 3:00* p.m.Duration:75 minutesSuggested Ages:Most appropriate for ages 9 and upImmerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family.*Times may vary,please click here to check tour time availabilityMembers are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086. Description: Tours run Tuesdays through SundaysTimes:10:15 a.m. through 3:00* p.m.Duration:75 minutesSuggested Ages:Most appropriate for ages 9 and upImmerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family.*Times may vary,please click here to check tour time availability Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Just announced!Gilded, Not Golden, the newly reinterpreted tour of Clayton, won a2024 Leadership in History Awardfrom theAmerican Association for State and Local History. "The tour guide did an excellent job of explaining the house details, decorative arts, family history & Gilded Age, in general. I particularly liked how history of the working class was woven in as a counterpoint to the lavish lifestyle of the wealthy."- Claire L. SCHEDULE A TOUR Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 1 p.m.' will take place on October 23, 20241:00 PM - 2:00 PM at LocationCar and Carriage Museum. The cost is Cost:Free and open to all. Description:  PLEASE NOTE:Guided tours will not be available on Wednesday, October 2. Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and discover the impact of a transportation revolution as you explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Tour participation is free and registration is not required. Meet your guide at the entrance to the Car and Carriage Museum. This tour runs at 1 p.m. every Wednesday and Saturday, and lasts approximately one hour.3 p.m. tours are also available. For groups of ten or more people, please emailEducation@thefrickpittsburgh.orgfor information about a guided group tour.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Car and Carriage Museum Guided Tour | 3 p.m.' will take place on October 23, 20243:00 PM - 4:00 PM at LocationCar and Carriage Museum. The cost is Cost:Free and open to all. Description:  PLEASE NOTE:Guided tours will not be available on Wednesday, October 2. Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and discover the impact of a transportation revolution as you explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Tour participation is free and registration is not required. Meet your guide at the entrance to the Car and Carriage Museum. This tour runs at 3 p.m. every Wednesday and Saturday, and lasts approximately one hour.1 p.m. tours are also available. For groups of ten or more people, please emailEducation@thefrickpittsburgh.orgfor information about a guided group tour.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Spooky Spirits Walk' will take place on October 17, 20246:30 PM - 8:30 PM at LocationBegins at The Café at the Frick. The cost is Cost:$45 member; $50 non-member; $25 student. Description: Get in the spooky spirit with a fall cocktail and explore the macabre, haunting history of Pittsburgh’s East End on a guided walk of The Frick Pittsburgh’s grounds. From Pittsburgh’s link to the “crime of the century” to the real life origins of the city’s most enduring urban legends, discover the darker side of the East End. Finish out the evening in the Frick’s café for a chocolate tasting provided by Harvest Moon Chocolates. Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door.Two drink vouchers included for attendees 21+; non-alcoholic beverages are also available. Tour participants are welcome (and encouraged) to bring their beverage along on the site walk. The site walk takes place outdoors, rain or shine. The tour route is fully wheelchair accessible. This event is also being held on Friday, October 25. Spooky Spirits Cocktail Menu: Apple Cider (cold or warm, spiked or un-spiked)Rye's Up Whiskey CocktailWine available upon request   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Spooky Spirits Walk' will take place on October 25, 20246:30 PM - 8:30 PM at LocationBegins at The Café at the Frick. The cost is Cost:$45 member; $50 non-member; $25 student. Description: Get in the spooky spirit with a fall cocktail and explore the macabre, haunting history of Pittsburgh’s East End on a guided walk of The Frick Pittsburgh’s grounds. From Pittsburgh’s link to the “crime of the century” to the real life origins of the city’s most enduring urban legends, discover the darker side of the East End. Finish out the evening in the Frick’s café for a chocolate tasting provided by Harvest Moon Chocolates. Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door.Two drink vouchers included for attendees 21+; non-alcoholic beverages are also available. Tour participants are welcome (and encouraged) to bring their beverage along on the site walk. The site walk takes place outdoors, rain or shine. The tour route is fully wheelchair accessible. This event is also being held on Thursday, October 17. Spooky Spirits Cocktail Menu: Apple Cider (cold or warm, spiked or un-spiked)Rye's Up Whiskey CocktailWine available upon request   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Works on Paper Survey' will take place on October 30, 202410:00 AM - 5:00 PM at LocationThe Frick Art Museum. The cost is Cost:Free and open to all. Description: At the end of October, an art conservator will be assessing 15 works on paper from The Frick Pittsburgh's collection. Stop by to take a peek at the process and to see what it takes to care for art as it ages. The art conservator's work will take place from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on October 30 and 31, with intermittent breaks.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'The Art of the Nativity: From Ancient Rome to the Renaissance' will take place on November 16, 20242:00 PM - 3:00 PM at LocationThe Frick Art Museum Auditorium. The cost is Cost:$10 members; $15 non-members; $5 students. Description: Join Kahren Jones Arbitman, Ph.D., for this one hour lecture exploring depictions of the nativity throughout history. This lecture is the first in a two-part series.Click here to find information about the other lecture. Nativity scenes depicting the events surrounding Christ’s birth have been envisioned in different ways by artists across the centuries. The results, sometimes profound, sometimes ridiculous, can raise a lot of questions for modern viewers. Why, for example, in Netherlandish paintings do artists place a skinny Christ-child on the ground with only a few bits of straw for comfort? Why is the nativity sometimes shown in a stable and other times in a cave? And why is Joseph always shown as older and unhappy? Join Kahren Jones Arbitman, Ph.D., for this one hour lecture,the first in a two-part series, which will answer these questions while exploring some of western art’s greatest masterpieces. Each is a stand-alone lecture – you do not need to hear one to appreciate the other. Dr. Arbitman received both an MA and Ph.D. in art history from the University of Pittsburgh with a specialization in seventeenth-century Dutch art, more specifically, Rembrandt. After serving as the first curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum in 1985, she went on to become the director of the Palmer Museum of Art at Penn State University and the Executive Director of the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens in Florida.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Home for the Holidays at Clayton' will take place on November 23, 202410:15 AM - 3:30 PM at LocationCheck in at the Grable Visitor Center. The cost is Cost:Members: FreeGeneral admission: $25Seniors and students: $22Active-duty military: $22Children 17 and under: $15. Description: Celebrate the season at Clayton with limited-time specialty tours! Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton! Learn how the holidays were celebrated by different groups in Pittsburgh during the Gilded Age, including the Frick family and their staff, and enjoy festive conversations about the origins of some of our favorite seasonal traditions. Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'The Art of the Nativity: From Baroque to Bonkers' will take place on November 23, 20242:00 PM - 3:00 PM at LocationThe Frick Art Museum Auditorium. The cost is Cost:$10 members; $15 non-members; $5 students. Description: Join Kahren Jones Arbitman, Ph.D., for this one hour lecture exploring depictions of the nativity throughout history. This lecture is the second in a two-part series.Click here to find information about the other lecture. The art of the nativity has evolved over the centuries to include some extraordinary interpretations of Christ’s birth in Bethlehem. This lecture begins with the imagery of the Italian Renaissance, with vast murals and sumptuous altarpieces, which as often as not included recognizable noblemen dressed in the latest fashions. We will move forward in time, examining works by Caravaggio and Rembrandt, through the Rococo era and onward with discussion of William Blake’s astonishing 19th-century interpretation and Salvador Dali’s of over a century later. In between, Gaugin moves his nativity to Tahiti and Norman Rockwell takes his to middle America. Join Kahren Jones Arbitman, Ph.D., for this one hour lecture,the second in a two-part series, which will explore some of western art’s greatest masterpieces. Each is a stand-alone lecture – you do not need to hear one to appreciate the other. Dr. Arbitman received both an MA and Ph.D. in art history from the University of Pittsburgh with a specialization in seventeenth-century Dutch art, more specifically, Rembrandt. After serving as the first curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum in 1985, she went on to become the director of the Palmer Museum of Art at Penn State University and the Executive Director of the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens in Florida.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'An Evening in Clayton: Behind-the-Scenes at the Holidays' will take place on December 5, 20245:30 PM - 7:00 PM at LocationClayton (Program begins in the Grable Visitor Center). The cost is Cost:$30 member; $45 non-member; $10 student. Description: Join Frick Education and Curatorial staff for a festive evening in Clayton! This unique tour experience spotlights select rooms in the house and offers a behind-the-scenes look at how staff brings the Clayton holiday tour to life. Following the tour, each attendee will receive a special treat to take home. Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door.Only the first floor of Clayton is wheelchair accessible.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Members Holiday Sip & Shop' will take place on December 7, 202410:00 AM - 2:00 PM at LocationGrable Visitor Center. The cost is Description:Frick members can kick off their holiday shopping in style at this exclusive access event! Enjoy festive live music and indulge in delicious brunch refreshments while browsing unique gifts at the Museum Store. As a special thank you,members receive an exclusive double discount on all purchases throughout the day. Plus, treat yourself or a loved one with permanent jewelry from a local vendor and discover handmade candles perfect for gift-giving.Not a member? Join today!. Description: Frick members can kick off their holiday shopping in style at this exclusive access event! Enjoy festive live music and indulge in delicious brunch refreshments while browsing unique gifts at the Museum Store. As a special thank you,members receive an exclusive double discount on all purchases throughout the day. Plus, treat yourself or a loved one with permanent jewelry from a local vendor and discover handmade candles perfect for gift-giving. Not a member? Join today!   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Holiday Handbell: Ring Pittsburgh at the Frick' will take place on December 7, 20242:00 PM - 3:15 PM at LocationThe Frick Art Museum Auditorium. The cost is Cost:Free for members; $5 non-members. Description: Ring Pittsburgh's holiday concerts provide a refreshingly new musical entertainment experience for the holidays. This ensemble combines sacred, secular and popular renditions of your seasonal favorites. Join us for a festive and fun afternoon!   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Festive Family Tour Package' will take place on December 14, 2024 at LocationClayton and The Frick Pittsburgh Education Center. The cost is Cost:$30 non-member; $27 seniors, students, active-duty military; $20 children 17 and under. Description: Celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of Clayton, followed by festive, family-friendly art projects and treats in the Education Center classroom! On the tour, learn how the holidays were celebrated by different people in Pittsburgh during the Gilded Age, including the Frick family and their staff, and enjoy talking about the origins of some of our favorite seasonal traditions. Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. This package is recommended for groups with children between the ages of 6-11.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
The event 'Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)' will take place on March 1, 202510:00 AM - 5:00 PM at LocationThe Frick Art Museum. The cost is Cost:Tickets on sale November 2024.Sign up for early ticket access.. Description: Comprised of 15 large scale prints,Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)revisits the historical representations found in the two-volume anthology published in 1866, "Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War." Walker overlays enlargements of woodcut plates with her black silkscreen cutout figures in solid black silhouette. In doing so, Walker brings to light experiences of racism that were often omitted or merely hinted at in traditional historical narratives. The touring presentation ofKara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)is organized by The Museum Box. The exhibition was curated by Lisa Hayes Williams, associate curator at the New Britain Museum of American Art where the show debuted in 2020.   Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us! Enter your Username and Password to login to your account. Don't have an account?Contact Us!
