
Link Text: Visit
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/visit/
Visit
What is it?
Picklesburgh is the destination for all things pickled! Voted the #1 Specialty Food Festival in the Country for three consecutive years by the readers of USA Today, Picklesburgh goes beyond the dill pickle to feature handcrafted food and artisan drinks featuring pickled ingredients from local chefs, restaurants, and more embracing the farm-to-table movement. Plus, don’t miss pickle-themed snacks and merchandise, fun contests, and live music set to the backdrop of picturesque Downtown Pittsburgh.
When is it?
Picklesburgh will return in July 2025. Dates & hours for the 2025 Festival to be announced. Stay tuned!
Where is it?
Picklesburgh is an annual festival that takes place in Downtown Pittsburgh.
How much does it cost?
Admission is always free – no tickets are necessary!You must be 21+ to consume/purchase alcohol and proper ID will be required.
Plentiful PicklesburghParking!
No matter where you’re coming from there are lots of convenient parking options for Picklesburgh. Park near Picklesburgh or across town to avoid Festival traffic. Real-time parking availability all around Downtown:https://parkpgh.org/
Accessibility
Click here to learn moreabout accessibility accommodations.

Link Text: Getting Here
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/visit/getting-here/
Getting Here
Festival Location
Picklesburgh 2025 will take place in Downtown Pittsburgh. Location details to be announced in the coming months.
Road Closures
Road closures for the 2025 festival will be released prior to the event.
Bus, Bike, & Light Rail
Getting to Downtown Pittsburgh is easy via public transit. Plan your trip using thePort Authority’s Trip Planner,or utilizePOGOH Bike Share, and the bike lane network to bike into town. Don’t forget: once you’re Downtown, theLight Rail free farezone can get you from Downtown to the North Shore quickly and for free.
Thebike parking areais located at One PPG Place under the Fourth Ave. portico.
Driving & Parking
No matter where you’re coming from there are lots of convenient parking options for Picklesburgh!New this year! Advance reserved parking:Picklesburgh Parking with iParkit. Be sure to select the date and time that suits your plans.Park near Picklesburgh or across town to avoid Festival traffic.Real-time parking availability all around Downtown:parkpgh.orgYou can also takepublic transit– there are multiple lines that get you very close to the festival footprint!
Accommodations
With numerous options that are an easy walk to and from the festival, it’s easier than ever to make a weekend out of Picklesburgh! View a full listing of local hotels at on ourDowntown hotel directory.

Link Text: Festival Maps
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/visit/festival-map/
Festival Maps
Picklesburgh will return July 2025. Check back soon for updated maps.

Link Text: Accessibility
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/accessibility/
Accessibility
We are dedicated to continually improving our efforts to ensure that all Picklesburgh patrons can enjoy the festival to the fullest. We welcome and encourage your feedback and suggestions. If you have any specific accessibility concerns or questions not addressed on this page, please contact us at pdp@downtownpittsburgh.com.
Wheelchair Access:Picklesburgh is an outdoor event. The footprint is fully paved and navigable for those with mobility needs. We encourage patrons who require mobility assistance to utilize personal forms of transportation, such as wheelchairs and scooters. We do not provide wheelchair / scooter services or rentals.
Restrooms:Every restroom area within the event footprint is equipped with ADA-compliant bathrooms to accommodate all guests.
Guide Dogs:Guide dogs and service animals are welcome throughout the event. Please ensure your service animal is easily identifiable.
Parking:Handicapped parking is available at all nearby garages, providing convenient access to the event area.
Vendor and Stage Areas:All vendor areas and stage viewing areas are wheelchair accessible, ensuring that all attendees can access all amenities on the footprint.

Link Text: Festival Schedules
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/festival-schedule/
Festival Schedules

Link Text: Vendors
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/vendors/
Vendors
Dill-icious delights, peculiar pickled drinks, tasty treats, fun pickle merchandise, and more are available all weekend long.
Stay around for happy hour!
Specialty cocktails are available 4:30 – 9:30 p.m. on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday and 12:00 – 5:00 p.m. on SundayFood, beer, and other beverages are available all hours of the festival.
Picklesburgh Vendors
Search for vendors by description or location (see map below):
Information on this page may be updated at any time.

Link Text: Entertainment
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/entertainment/
Entertainment
Picklesburgh is packed with live, local music every day of the festival. With various genres represented, there’s something for everyone to enjoy.
Two music stages located at Stanwix & Boulevard and Smithfield & Boulevard will be programmed open to close each day of the festival.
Thursday, July 18
Stanwix St. Stage
Smithfield St. Stage
Friday, July 19
Stanwix St. Stage
Smithfield St. Stage
Saturday, July 20
Stanwix St. Stage
Smithfield St. Stage
Sunday, July 21
Stanwix St. Stage
Smithfield St. Stage

Link Text: Gherkin Games
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/games/
Gherkin Games
This year, dare dill-vils from across the land competed for a shot at gherkin glory in three heart pounding events
Preliminary heats took take place on Friday, July 19 and Saturday, July 20, culminating in championships on Sunday, July 21. The winning champion of each event relished their victory with $500 in grand prize money, a life-like pickle trophy, and—most importantly—a “royal” title fitting of their pickle prowess.
Congrats to our 2024 Champions!
Pickle Juice Drinking
Quench your thirst for brine in this test of speed and fermented fortitude. Whoever can chug a quart (32 fl oz.) ofPittsburgh Pickle Company’s Picklexirthe fastest will be deemed the winner of their round and vie for the title ofDuke of Drinkingin the championship on Sunday.
Pickle Eating –New!
Only stomachs of steel will prevail in this new contest category! Whoever eats the most pickles by weight in five minutes (‘chipmunking’ is allowed) will win their round and earn a spot in the final, where theEarl of Eating, first of their name, will be crowned.
Bobbing for Pickles –New!
No hands are allowed in this pickled take on the peculiar party pastime. Whoever can retrieve the most pickles by weight in 90 seconds using only their mouth will win the round and face-off in the finals to become Picklesburgh’s firstBaron of Bobbing!
General Contest Rules & Regulations

Link Text: Li’l Gherkins KidsPlay Activity Area
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/festival-schedule/lil-gherkins-activity-area/
Li’l Gherkins KidsPlay Activity Area
Stop by the Li’l Gherkins KidsPlay Activity Area with your li’l gherkins. Enjoy free coloring pages, decorate pickle necklaces, and make puppets to take home!
KidsPlay Hours:
Friday – Saturday 12 – 8 p.m.
Sunday 12 – 6 p.m.
Li’l Gherkins Activity Area Guidelines:
Presented by

Link Text: Taste of Picklesburgh
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/taste-of-picklesburgh/
Taste of Picklesburgh
Thursday, July 11 – Sunday, July 21, 2024
Calling all pickle-lovers and foodies alike! Are you craving a tried-and-true fried pickle? Looking for a fun twist for happy hour?Curious about pickled treats outside the classic cucumber?Look no further!
We aredill-ightedto announce a reimagined celebration of your favorite pickled event! Just ahead of the Picklesburgh main event, you can satisfy your pickle predilection with a ‘Taste of Picklesburgh’ whichdill-iversan array of pickle-themed food, beverages, and merchandise from 27 participating Downtown businesses.Plus, buy a pickle themed item and receive a free Heinz Pickle Pin with your purchase, while supplies last!See below for complete business listing and respective pickle themed items.
Participating Restaurants & Boutiques
306 Forbes Boutique
306 Forbes Ave
Alihan’s Coffee & Breakfast
129 6th Street
Alihan’s Mediterranian Cuisine
124 6th Street
Barcadia
24 Market Square
City Works
2 PPG Place
Cafe Momentum
268 Forbes Ave
Con Alma
613 Penn Ave.
Fresh Nostalgia
143 6th St, Roosevelt Building
Genoa Pizza & Bar
111 Market St
Las Velas Mexican Restaurant
21 Market Square
love, Pittsburgh
805 Liberty Ave
Mitchell’s Pub
304 Ross St
Olive or Twist
140 6th St
OMNI William Penn Hotel
530 William Penn Pl
PAIR Charcuterie
201 Smithfield St
Primanti Bros.
2 Market Square
Redbeard’s on Sixth
144 6th St
Revel PGH
242 Forbes Ave
Sly Fox Brewery
300 Liberty Avenue, Suite 100
Space Bar
22 Market Square
Steel City
625 Smithfield St
The Berg Chicken and Pizza
4 PPG Pl, Suite 150
The Simple Greek
431 Market St
The Refillery
100 7th St
The Yard
100 Fifth Ave
Waffles INCaffeinated
456 Fifth Ave
Forbes Tavern
310 Forbes Ave

Link Text: Get Involved
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/get-involved/
Get Involved
This annual festival showcases Downtown Pittsburgh and is designed to have broad appeal across the Greater Pittsburgh community including young adults, suburban families, and small-town citizens. Picklesburgh™ is brought to you byThe Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership (PDP), the non-profit organization behind some of Pittsburgh’s most successful, popular, and imaginative events including;Highmark Light Up Night®, the Market Square Farmers Market, Friday & Saturday Night Markets, and thePeoples Gas Holiday Market™among many others.
Picklesburgh is not built in a day. Well… actually it is, and we need your help to get all of the brine flowing.
Do you have a bottomless stomach, competitive spirit and love of pickles? Sign up to compete in the Olympickle Games!
Want to support an award-winning event in Downtown Pittsburgh that showcases all things pickled? Well then, you’re in the right place.
Creative, ready-to-eat, pickle menu items are encouraged, along with vendors of a wide variety of pickled and fermented products. Creative pickle-themed merchandise is also encouraged.

Link Text: News
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/news/
News
Cloudy with a chance of…pickles?
PDP President and CEO Jeremy Waldrup was live from beneath the Giant Pickle on this morning’s AccuWeather Forecast! Watch below.
PDP President and CEO Jeremy Waldrup was live from beneath the Giant Pickle on this morning’s AccuWeather Forecast! Watch below.
Iconic Hometown Favorites Get Exclusive Picklesburgh Twist
Voted #1 Food Festival in America for the three consecutive years, Picklesburgh provides a perfect opportunity for Pittsburgh’s most beloved local food and drink…
Voted #1 Food Festival in America for the three consecutive years, Picklesburgh provides a perfect opportunity for Pittsburgh’s most beloved local food and drink…
Three-Time Champ Picklesburgh Nominated Again for ‘Best Specialty Food Festival in America’!
Voting is now open for Picklesburgh fans to defend its #1 status. The festival will make its dill-ightful return to Downtown Pittsburgh on July…
Voting is now open for Picklesburgh fans to defend its #1 status. The festival will make its dill-ightful return to Downtown Pittsburgh on July…

Link Text: Photo Gallery
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/photo-gallery/
Photo Gallery
Photos: Courtesy of Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership. Photographers:Renee Rosensteel&Emery Meyer.

Link Text: Contact Us
Fetching content from: https://www.picklesburgh.com/contact/
Contact Us
Picklesburgh will return in July 2025.
Subscribe to receive Picklesburgh email updates as they’re released!
Sign Up for Picklesburgh Updates!
*
*
*
VendorInquiries
Vendor applications are now closed.If you are interested in being a vendor at a future event, please connect with our team by completing ourVendor Interest Form. (Please note that this form is not a formal application and does not guarantee acceptance as a vendor.)
PerformerInquiries
Want to play at Picklesburgh? Tell us more about your band by completing our PerformerPerformer Interest Form!(Please note that completing this form does not guarantee a future booking nor an agreement to book).
MediaInquiries
Members of the media may direct questions to:
Richard Hooper,Pittsburgh Downtown Partnershiprhooper@downtownpittsburgh.com
Deana Lorenzo,Pittsburgh Downtown Partnershipdlorenzo@downtownpittsburgh.com
General Contact Form
For all other comments or questions related to Picklesburgh, please use the form below.
Please note that this form is not being actively monitored during the event. Responses may take 24-48 hours.
*
*
First
Last
*
*
*
*
