Text from 9627_UF_Regulations.pdf:
CI
TY OF PITTSBURGH  
NO
N-RESIDENT 
SPORTS FACILITY  
USAGE FEE  
RE
GULATIONS  
Issued Pursuant to the 
City of Pittsburgh Code  
Title II  
Article X, Chapter 271  
Ef
fective 
1/1/2017  
Version 4  1
 2
 ARTICLE 1: GENERAL PROVISIONS  
§ 101  Authorization  
§ 102  Definitions  
ARTICLE 2: IMPOSITION OF FEE  
§ 201  Levy and Rate  
§ 202  Allocation of Earned Income  
§ 203  Who Must File  
§ 204  Time Frame  
§ 205  Obligation of Publicly Funded Facility  
ARTICLE 3: PAYMENT
§ 301  Registration of Qualified Managing Entities  and Contracting
Parties
§302 Collection of Payment  
§303 Returns  
ARTICLE 4:  ADMINISTRATION 
§ 401  Power o f Treasurer 
§ 402  Records  Required 
§ 403  Examination of R ecords 
§ 404  Audits 
ARTICLE 5: VIOLATIONS 
§ 501  Not Mutually Exclusive 
§ 502  Penalties 
§ 503  Violations a nd Fines 
§ 504  Suits 
§ 505  Limitations on E nforcement 
ARTICLE 6: SAVINGS 
§ 601  Savings and Severability  
3 
  
ARTICLE 1: GENERAL PROVISIONS  
§ 101.  AUTHORIZATION.  
 
Pursuant to “T he Local Tax Enabling Act ,” Act 551 of 1965, P.L. 1257; 53 
P.S. § 6924 , and the City Code, Title II, Article X, Chapter 271,  the 
Treasurer of the City of Pittsburgh is authorized to prescribe, adopt, 
promulgate, and enforce regulations pertaining to the ad ministration and 
enforcement of the Code.  
 
§ 102.  DEFINITIONS . 
 
The following terms, phrases, words, and their derivations when used in these Regulations shall  have the meaning and effect ascribed to them in 
this Section, except where the context clearl y indicates a different meaning :
 
CITY —the City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  
CITY CODE —City of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Code of Ordinances, Title II, 
Article X, Chapter 271.  
NONRESIDENT CONTRACTING PARTY —a person not domiciled within 
the City of Pittsburgh wh o enters into a binding agreement with a Publicly 
Funded Facility  or facility manager to engage in or conduct a non -sporting 
event for compensation.  This may include, but is not limited to, 
entertainers, performers, touring companies, promoters, booking a gents, 
artist management companies , and other related positions . 
CURRENT YEAR —the calendar year for which the usage fee is levied . 
DOMICILE —the voluntary fixed place of habitation of a person.  Actual 
residence is not necessarily domicile.  In the intention of the user, domicile 
is permanent rather than transitory.  In cases of a business, the domicile is 
the place considered to be the center of business affairs and the place from 
which functions are discharged.  
EARNED INCOME —salaries, wages, commis sions, bonuses, incentive 
payments, fees, tips, and all other forms of compensation, whether based  
4 
 on profits or otherwise, earned by a P erson or a personal representative of 
a Person for services rendered, whether directly or through an agent, and 
whether  in cash or in property.  This does not include wages or 
compensation paid to persons on active military service, periodic payments 
for sickness and disability other than regular wages received during a period of sickness or disability, or payments arising  under workers’ 
compensation acts, occupational disease acts, and similar legislation.
 
QUALIFIED MANAGING ENTITY —any person, partnership, association, 
corporation, institution, governmental body or unit or agency, or any other entity employing one (1) or m ore Nonresident Contracting Parties  for 
salary, wage, commission, or other compensation.
 
EMPLOYEE—any person in the service of an Qualified Management Entity , under an appointment or contract of hire or subcontract, express or 
implied, oral or written, whether lawfully or unlawfully employed.
 
NONRESIDENT—any person domiciled outside of the City.  
PERSON —any corporation, partnership, business trust, association, 
estate, trust, foundation, or natural person.  Whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty, the word “person” as applied to partnerships shall mean the partners thereof, and as applied to 
corporations and unincorporated associations shall mean the officers 
thereof.
 
PROMOTER —any business entity , and any agent or representative of the 
business entity , who engages with a Publicly Funded Facility regarding the 
organization, marketing, or offering for sale of tickets to an event.  
PUBLICLY FUNDED FACILITY — any sports stadium or arena in the City 
which has been constructed or maintained, in whole or in part, through th e 
use of public funds. Publicly Funded Facilities include: 1001 -1035 5TH 
AVE (PPG Paints  Arena) , 1000 FORT DUQUESNE BLVD (David 
Lawrence Conventi on Center ), 100 ART ROONEY DR ( Heinz Field ), 115 
FEDERAL ST ( PNC Park ), 3719 TERRACE ST (Peterson Event Center ), 
and 400 N SHORE DR (Stage AE).   
5 
 RESIDENT—any person domiciled within the City.  
TREASURER—the Deputy Director of the Department of Finance, his 
deputies, and their agents.  The Deputy Director of Finance serves as City 
Treasurer.  
USAGE FEE— Sports Facility Usage Fee.  
USER —any  person required hereunder to remit  the usage fee.  
ARTICLE 2: IMPOSITION OF FEE  
 
§ 201.  LEVY AND RATE . 
 
A fee for general revenue purposes of three (3) percent  of Earned Income 
is hereby imposed on each Nonresident  who uses a Publicly Funded 
Facility  to engage in athletic event or otherwise render a performance for 
which a Nonresident  receives remuneration.   
 
§ 202.  ALLOCATION OF EARNED INCOME . 
 
  
 
(a)     Members of professional athletic teams, other than professional football teams calculate a “total games played within the City of Pittsburgh” versus “total games played (including exhibition, preseason, regular season and post -season games)” fraction. Multiply that fraction against the player’s 
total compensation. In determining “games played” include exhibition 
games that are officially sanctioned by the team’s league office in bot h the 
numerator and denominator of this fraction.  
Earned Income x (Total games played in PGH/Total games played) x .03 
(b)     Members of professional football teams calculate a “total duty days within the City of Pittsburgh” versus “total duty days” fract ion. Multiply that 
fraction against the player’s total compensation. In determining “duty days”, 
include preseason and regular season practice sessions; pre -season and 
regular season games; and post -season games and practice sessions that 
are officially sa nctioned by the team’s league office in both the numerator 
and denominator of this fraction.  
Earned Income x (Total duty days in PGH/Total duty days) x .03   
6 
 (c)    Non -Player Personnel are apportioned on the basis of working days 
per year. These include tea m employees, such as coaches, trainers and 
any other persons required to travel with the team and perform services on 
behalf of the team; game officials. Divide the total number of working days 
within the city of Pittsburgh by the total number of working d ays in the year 
to arrive at the working days apportionment fraction.  
Earned Income x (Total work days in PGH/Total work days) x .03 
(d) Entertainers are apportioned based on earned income attributable for the performance in the city’s Publicly Funded Fac ility  
Earned Income for performance x .03  
 (e) In general the taxpayer’s apportionable income for the City of Pittsburgh would correspond to the apportionable income reported to PA as earned in the City of Pittsburgh.  
   
§ 203.  WHO MUST FILE . 
 
Every Qualified Managing Entity or Nonresident Contracting Party  who 
employs or enters into a contract with an Qualified Managing Entity  or 
independent contractor who earns compensation as the result of services performed within the City, whose services require the use of a Publicly 
Funded Facility  to engage in an athletic event or otherwise render a 
performance for  which a Nonresident  receives Earned Income, is required 
to withhold and remit to the Treasurer the usage fee.  In the event the Qualified Managing Entity  or Nonresident Contracting Party  fails, refuses, 
or neglects to withhold or remit the usage fee or any portion thereof, the Employee or Nonresident Contracting Party  shall be personally liable for 
payment of the Usage Fee  and any applicable penalty.  
 
§ 204.  TIME FRAME . 
 
The usage fee imposed under the Code shall be applicable to the C urrent  
Year . 
 
 
§ 205.  OBLIGATIONS OF PUBLICLY FUNDED FACILITY . 
  
7 
 It shall be the duty of the Person , venue, or entity acting on behalf of the 
Publicly Funded Facility , to provide the Finance Department with all 
relevant  contract s and/or contract information in a manner acceptable to 
the Finance Department , and certify correctness thereof,  within thirty (30) 
days of finalization of the aforementioned contract.    
 
   ARTI CLE 3: PAYMENT
 
 
§ 301.  REGISTRATION OF QUALIFIED MANAGING ENTITIES  AND 
CONTRACTING PARTIES . 
 
(a)  Every Qualified Managing Entities  not registered with the City  
employing or contracting with Nonresidents  receiving Earned Income 
within the City  shall, within sixty (60) days of first becoming a  
Qualified Managing Entity , register with the Treasurer the Qualified 
Managing Entity ’s name, address, and  such other information as the 
Treasurer may require.  Every registration shall be made upon a form 
authorized and furnished by the Treasurer.  Every Person  completing 
this form shall certify the correctness thereof.  
 
(b)  Every Nonresident Contracting Party not registered with the City  
employing or contracting with Nonresidents  receiving Earned Income 
within the City  shall, within sixty (60) days of entering into an 
agreement with a Publicly Funded Facility to engage  in an  event held 
in a Publicly Funded Facility for which compensation is earned, 
register with the Treasurer with the Nonresident Contracting Party’s 
name, address, and any  other information as the Treasurer may 
require.  Every registration shall be made upon a form authorized and 
furnished by the Treasurer.  Every Person completing this form shall 
certify the correctness thereof.  
 
§ 302.  COLLECTION OF PAYMENT.  
 
(a)  Sporting Events .  Any Qualified Managing Entity  who employs one 
(1) or more N onresidents who earn compensation as the result of 
services performed within the City  that require the use of a Publicly 
Funded Facility , shall deduct monthly, or more often than monthly the  
8 
 usage fee imposed by this chapter based on the earned income paid 
or payable to and/or any compensation attributable to any Nonresident Employee .
 
 
Every Qualified Managing Entity  shall, on or before April 30 of the 
current year, July 31 of the current year, October 31 of the current year, and January 31 of the succeeding year, file a return on a form 
prescribed by the Treasurer and pay to the Treasurer the amount of 
usage fees deducted during the preceding three (3) month periods 
ending March 31 of the current year, June 30 of the current year, September 30 of the current year, and December 31 of the current 
year, respectively.
 
 
(b)  Non-Sporting Eve nts.  Any Nonresident Contracting Party  who 
enters into a contract for  the use of Publicly  Funded Facility  to 
engage in a non -sporting event for com pensation shall deduct from 
the contract, the Usage Fee  based on the Earned Income  paid or 
payable to and/or any compensation attributable to any Nonresident 
Employee,  Nonresident Contracting Party , their agents , or 
associates.  
 
The Nonresident Contracting Party  shall on or before April 30 of the 
current year, July 31 of the current year, October 31 of the  current 
year, and January 31 of the succeeding year, file a return on a form 
prescribed by the Treasurer shall pay to the Treasurer the amount of usage fees deducted during the preceding three (3) month periods 
ending March 31 of the current year, June 30  of the current year, 
September 30 of the current year, and December 31 of the current year, respectively.
 
 
(c) The usage fee should not be reported in the local tax box on the  
W-2 form, because this is a fee, not a tax.  
 
(d) Those individuals liable for the usage fee shall be exempt from any 
income tax imposed by a City of the second class pursuant to this Act 
and any such tax imposed under Section 652.1 of the Act of March 
10, 1949 (P.L. 30, No. 14) known as the “Public School Code of 1949.”  
 
§ 303.  RET URNS .  
9 
  
(a)  All returns filed shall include information as prescribed  in the form 
authorized and furnished by the Treasurer, including but not limit ed 
to, the names of Employees , Contracting Parties , and/or 
subcontracting parties and their respective home addresses, city 
residency, phone numbers, social security numbers, nature of 
relationship , nature of work performed, dates of work performed, and 
locations of work performed . 
 
(b) Failure to complet e a form is deemed non -filing.  
 
  
 
ARTICLE 4: ADMINISTRATION 
 
§ 401.  POWER OF TREASURER.  
 
(a) It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive the usage 
fees, fines, and penalties imposed by the Code.  It shall also be the 
duty of the Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such 
receipt.  
 
(b) The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the Code and these Regulations.  The Treasurer is empowered to prescribe, adopt, promulgate, and enforce regulations perta ining to 
administration and enforcement of the Code.  This power includes, but is not limited to:
 
 
(1) The power to reexamine and correct declarations and returns, payments alleged or found to be incorrect, and overpayments claimed or found to have occurred;
 
 
(2) The power to examine the books, papers, records, or other relevant documentation of any supposed Qualified Managing 
Entity  or Nonresident Contracting Party , or any user or 
supposed user in accordance with these Regulations and as 
described i n Section 403  of these Regulations ;
 
 
(3) The power to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of these Regulations; and
  
10 
  
(4) The power to issue citations for violations of these Regulations 
and institute penalties, including but not limited, to those prescribed  in Section 502.
 
 
(c) The Treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a 
user.  
 
(d)     The Treasur er shall annually provide to all Publicly Funded Facilities 
a copy of applicable City Code, City Regulations, and current policies 
related to the Nonresident Sports Facilities Usage Fee.  
 
 
 
    
§ 402.  RECORDS REQUIRED.  
 
Qualified Managing Entity  and Contracting Parties  subject to the 
requirements of these Regulations are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the Usage Fee, and 
such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three  (3) year s 
from the filing date or due date, whichever is later, in order to enable the 
Treasurer to verify the correctness of those declarations or returns.
 
 
§ 403.  EXAMINATION OF RECORDS . 
 
 (a) The Treasurer and agents designated by him or her are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers, and records of any supposed Qualified Managing Entity  or Nonresident Contracting 
Party , or of any user or supposed user, in order to verify the accuracy 
of any declaration or return, or if no declaration or return was filed, to ascertain the fee due.  Every Person is directed and required to give 
the Treasurer and/ or his or her designee s the means, facilities, and 
opportunity for such examinations and investigations as are hereby authorized.  
 
  
11 
 (b) If records are not available to the City to support the returns which 
were filed or should have been filed, the Qualified Managing Entity  or 
Nonresident Contracting Party  will be required to make them 
available to the Treasurer either by producing them in a City location 
or by paying for the expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to 
the place where the records are regularly kept.  
 
(c) Any information gained by the Treasurer, or by any other official or agent of the City, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings, or verifications required or authorized by the Code shall be confidential except for official purpos es and shall not 
be divulged except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law.
 
 
§ 404.  AUDITS . 
 If, as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect, the Treasurer is authorized to issue a deficiency notice and collect any underpayments of the usage fee.  If no return has been filed and an amount is found to be due, the amount may be billed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return.  Notices of deficiency ( i.e., 
where the return has been filed, but found to be deficient) shall include deficiencies for up to  three (3) years prior to the date when the notice is 
issued.  Where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of notification of deficien cy. 
 ARTICLE 5: VIOLATIONS
 
 
§ 501.  NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE . 
 
The remedies provided  in this Article are not mutually exclusive.  The 
utilization by the Treasurer of one or more remedies does not preclude the utilization of another.  Moreover, use of the aforementioned remedies does not preclude the City’s use of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance with the provision of the Code and these Regulations.
 
 
§ 502.  PENALTIES . 
  
12 
 (a) If for any reason the usage fee is not p aid when due, a penalty at the 
rate of one (1) percent per month on the amount of the usage fee will 
be added, during the time the usage fee goes unpaid  but the amount 
shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) in the aggregate.   
 
(b) On any additional usage fee determined to be due as a result of a 
deficiency notice, penalty will be assessed from the day the usage fee should have been paid to the date of payment.  Penalty is calculated as described above in Section 50 2(a).  
 
 
(c) Where suit is brought for the  recovery of the usage fee, the Person 
liable therefore shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection 
and the penalties herein imposed.    A Person’s belief that no usage 
fee is due and owing, or the failure of any such Person to receive or 
obtain the forms required for making the returns required by the Code 
is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties for violation  herein.  Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty.
 
 
  
§ 503.  VIOLATIONS AND FINES . 
 
(a) Violations.   No Person shall:  
 
(1) Fail, neglect or refuse to make any declaration or file a return as required under these Regulations; 
 
 
(2) Fail, neglect, or refuse to pay  or deduct  in part or in whole the 
Usage Fee when it is due as required by these Regulations;  
 
(3) Refuse to keep or supply to the  Treasurer books, records, or 
accounts of any business, taxable or otherwise, to determine liability  as required by these Regulations ;
 
 
(4) Make any incomplete, false, or fraudulent return, or to attempt to avoid full disclosure of the amount of the usage fee due, or to avoid payment in part or in whole of the usage fee; or
 
 
(5) Divulge information which is confidential under Chapter 201.6 
of the Code.  
  
13 
   
(b) Fines .  Pursuant to the Local Tax Enabling Act , as amended , in 
addition to any other penalties or enforcement of fees:  
 
(1) Any Qualified Managing Entity  required to collect, account for, 
and remit the Usage Fee who willfully fails to collect or truthfully 
account for and remit the Usage Fee to the City  commits a 
misdemeanor and shall, upon conv iction, be sentenced  to pay a 
fine not exceeding $25,000.00 or to imprisonment not exceeding two ( 6) months , or both;  
 
(2) Any Qualified Managi ng Entity  or Nonresident Contracting Party  
who negligently or willfully  refuses to file a Usage Fee return as 
required by th ese Regulations shall, upon conviction, be 
sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one thousand dollars 
($1,000) and/or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six 
(6) months ;
 
 
(3) Any Qualified Managing Entity  or Nonresident Contracting Party  
who negligently or willfully makes any false or untrue statement 
on the Usage Fee return shall upon conviction, be sentenced to 
pay a fine of not more than two thousand dollars ($2,000) 
and/or a term of imprisonment of not more than six (6) months ;  
 
(4) Any Qualified Managing Entity  or Nonresident Contracting Party  
who negligently or willfully  fails to remit the entire amount of the 
usage fee, as determined and  required by these  regulations , 
shall upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more 
than two thousand dollars ($2,000) and/or to a term of not more 
than six (6) months ; 
 
(5) Any Person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the 
Treasurer in person with the requested books, records, 
accounts, or other materials when required by the Code, or who willfully refuses to permit inspection by the Treasurer of those 
books, records, accounts, or other materials in the Person’s 
custody or control when required by the Code, shall, upon 
conviction be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500) and costs for each offense, and in  
14 
 default of payment thereof may be imprisoned for not more than 
fifty (50)  days;  
 
(6) The fines and terms of imprisonment imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the 
City of a monetary nature under the provisions of these 
Regulations;
 
 
(7) Each and every day that the violation continues sha ll constitute 
a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed;  
 
(8) Anyone found to be guilty of violations delineated in Section 503(b) may be denied future use of the Publicly Funded 
Facility .
 
 
§ 504.  SUITS . 
 
The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City, in law or in equity, for the 
recovery of those fees due and unpaid under the provisions of the usage fee, to compel the production of records, or to enforce any other provisions of the law.
 
 
 
 
§ 505.  LIMITATIONS ON ENFORCEMENT.  
 
(a) The following periods of limitation shall apply to suits for collection of 
usage fees:  
   
(1) When a return has been filed but no usage fee paid, any suit brought to recover the usage fee due and unpaid shall be filed within three  (3) years after the return was due or filed, 
whichever is later.  Where no return was filed, there shall be no 
limit to file suit for the collection of fees;
 
 
(2)  
 
(b) The limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the filing of 
a suit for the collection of any usage fee due or determined to be due 
in the following cases:  
   
15 
  (1) Where no return was filed, there is no limitation;  
 
 (2) Where the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation;  
 
(3) When there is an understatement of liability of twenty -five (25) 
percent or more, and not due to fraud, the suit shall be filed 
within six (6) years after the return was due or filed, whichever 
is later.  
 
(c) A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date.
 
 
 
ARTICLE 6: SAVINGS  
 
§ 601.  SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY.  
 
(a)  If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any 
provisions of these Regulations, or the application of any provision to 
any circumstances, to be illegal or unconstitutional,  the other 
provisions in these regulations, or the application of such provision to other circumstances, shall remain in full force and effect.  The intent 
of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these Regulations shall be severable and that they would have been adopted if any such illegal 
or unconstitutional provisions had not been included herein.
 
 
(b)   Should a court of competent jurisdiction determine this provision to be 
invalid for any reason, Persons subject to the Usage Fee  shall not be 
exempt f rom any previously applicable earned income tax.  

================================================================================

Text from 9625_Parking_Tax_Regulations.pdf:
CITY  OF PITTSBURGH  
PARKING  TAX REGULATIONS  
Issued Pursuant  to the City of Pittsburgh  
City Code,  Title Two Article VII,  Chapter  253 
Revised  – January 2020  
-2-  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
PARKING  TAX REGULATIONS  4 
ARTICLE  1: GENERAL  PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................  6 
§ 101.  AUTHORIZATION.  ................................ ................................ ................  6 
§ 102.  DEFINITIONS.  ................................ ................................ ......................  6 
ARTICLE  2:  REGISTRATION  AND ANNUAL  LICENSE  ................................ ..... 9 
§ 201.  REGISTRATION.  ................................ ................................ ..................  9 
§ 202.  ANNUAL  LICENSE REQUIRED  ................................ ...........................  9 
ARTICLE  3: IMPOSITION  OF TAX ................................ ................................ .... 10 
§ 301.  RATE  OF TAX.  ................................ ................................ ...................  10 
§ 302.  COLLECTION  OF TAX.  ................................ ................................ ...... 11 
§ 303.  RETURN  FORMS.  ................................ ................................ ..............  11 
§ 304. PAYMENT  OF TAX. ................................ ................................ ............  12 
§ 305.  ACCEPTANCE  OF TAX RETURN.  ................................ .....................  13 
ARTICLE  4:  RECORDS  AND COMPLIANCE  ................................ ...................  14 
§ 401. GENERAL  REQUIREMENTS.  ................................ ............................  14 
§ 402. EVIDENCE  OF PARKING  TRANSACTIONS.  ................................ ..... 15 
§ 403. REVENUE  CONTROL  EQUIPMENT.  ................................ .................  16 
§ 404. POSTING  OF RATES.  ................................ ................................ ........  17 
ARTICLE  5: ADMINISTRATION  ................................ ................................ ........  19 
§ 501. POWERS  OF TREASURER.  ................................ ..............................  19 
§ 502.  RECORDS  REQUIRED.  ................................ ................................ ..... 19 
§ 503. EXAMINATION  OF BOOKS  AND RECORDS.  ................................ ... 20 
§ 504.  RECORD  RETENTION.  ................................ ................................ ...... 20 
§ 505.  AUDITS.  ................................ ................................ ..............................  20 
ARTICLE  6: VIOLATIONS  ................................ ................................ ..................  22 
§ 601.  REMEDIES  NOT  MUTUALLY  EXCLUSIVE.  ................................ ....... 22 
§ 602. PENALTY  AND  INTEREST.  ................................ ...............................  22 
§ 603. VIOLATIONS  AND FINES.  ................................ ................................ . 23 
§ 604. SUITS  FOR  RECOVERY  OF UNPAID  TAXES.  ................................ .. 24 
§ 605. LIMITATIONS.  ................................ ................................ ....................  24 
ARTICLE  7: TAXPAYER  REMEDIES  ................................ ................................  26 
§ 701.   TREASURER’S  HEARINGS.  ................................ .............................  26 
§ 702.  APPEALS.  ................................ ................................ ..........................  26 
§ 703.  REFUNDS.  ................................ ................................ .........................  27 
ARTICLE  8:  SAVINGS  AND SEVERABILITY AND DISCLOSURES  .................  28 -3-  § 801. SAVINGS  CLAUSE  AND SEVERABILITY.  ................................ .........  28 
 
 -4-  PARKING  TAX REGULATIONS  
  -5-   
INTRODUCTION  
 
The Pittsburgh  Code,  Title Two,  Fiscal,  Chapter  253, imposes  a tax for general  revenue  
purposes  upon  each  parking  transaction  by a patron  of a non-residential  parking  place,  
within  the City of Pittsburgh,  at the rate set by ordinance  on the consideration  for each  
transaction.  This tax is levied  pursuant  to the authority  granted  by the Local  Tax Enabling  
Act, Act 511 of 1965,  53 P.S. § 6924.301.1, and the City of Pittsburgh  Home  Rule 
Charter  of 1974,  excluding  exceptions  as defined  in Section 253.01(b).   The tax rate on 
parking transactions may not exceed the ceiling set forth in Municipal Pension Plan Funding 
Standard and Recovery Act ,  53 P.S. § 895.902(a).  
 
The tax is based  upon  the entire  consideration  paid by the patron , without  deduction  for 
any costs  or expenses  directly  or indirectly  related  to these  receipts.    
 
Inquiries  relevant  to specific  business  operations  not answered  in these  regulations  should 
be submitted  in writing to: 
 
TREASURER,  CITY  OF PITTSBURGH  FINANCE  DEPARTMENT  
414 GRANT  ST RM 206  
PITTSBURGH PA 15219  
 
Principal  responsibility  for tax administration  in the City of Pittsburgh  is held by the 
Director  of the Department  of Finance.  The Deputy  Director  of Finance  also serves  as 
the City Treasurer  and School  Treasurer.  References  to the Treasurer  in these  
regulations  refer to the Deputy  Director and/or the Department  of Finance.  -6-  ARTICLE  1: GENERAL  PROVISIONS  
 
§ 101.  AUTHORIZATION.  
 
Pursuant  to “The Local  Tax Enabling Act,” Act 511 of 1965,  P.L.1257;  53 P.S. § 6924,  and 
the City Code,  Title II, Article  I, Chapter 201.04,  the Treasurer of  the City of Pittsburgh  is 
authorized  to prescribe,  adopt,  promulgate,  and enforce  regulations  pertaining to  the 
administration  and enforcement  of the Code.  
 
§ 102.  DEFINITIONS.  
 
The following  words  and phrases  when  used  in these  regulations  shall have  the meaning  
ascribed  to them  as they appear  in Section  253.01  of the Pittsburgh  Code,  except  where  
the context  clearly  indicates  a different  meaning.   When referring to Valet Parking Services, 
the following words and phrases when used in these regulations shal l have the meaning 
ascribed to them as they appear in Section 548.01 of the Pittsburgh Code, except where 
the context clearly indicates a different meaning.  
 
CONSIDERATION  – the payment  or compensation  of any nature,  received  by the 
operator  from or on behalf  of the patron,  upon  an express  or implied  contract  or under  a 
lease  or otherwise,  whether or not separately  stated,  and whether  paid in cash  or credited  
to an account,  for each  transaction  involving  the parking  or storing  of a vehicle  provided  
by the person  on whose  behalf  the motor  vehicle  is parked  or stored  by some  other  
person.   In the case of Taxable Valet Parking Services, consideration includes the 
payment of compensation of any nature, received by  the provider from or on behalf of the 
Valet Parking Services Patron, upon an express or implied contract, whether or not 
separately stated and whether paid in cash or credited to an account.  Consideration  
does  not include  the tax imposed  and collected  under Chapter  253 of the Pittsburgh  
Code.  
 
DWELLING  UNIT  – a building,  or portion  thereof,  designed  for occupancy  for residential  
purposes  and having cooking  facilities  and sanitary  facilities.  
 
GROSS COLLECTIONS  – Total consideration paid by the patron plus collected parking 
taxes.  
 
MONTH  – a calendar  month.  
 
NON -RESIDENTIAL  PARKING  PLACE  OR PARKING  PLACE  – any place  within  the 
City, whether  wholly  or partially  enclosed  or open,  at which  vehicles  are parked  or stored  
for any period  of time in return  for a consideration,  not including:  public  streets,  any 
parking  area or garage  to the extent  that it is provided  or leased  to residents  on the same  
or other  premises  and provided  that the parking or storage  of a vehicle  by such  resident  is 
for use only in connection  with, and as accessory  to, the occupancy  of a dwelling  unit in 
the City; and any parking  area or garage  operated  exclusively  by an owner  or lessee  of a 
hotel,  apartment  hotel,  tourist  court  or trailer  park,  to the extent  that the parking  area or 
garage  is provided  to guests  or tenants  of such  hotel,  tourist  court  or trailer  park for no 
consideration.  
 -7-  OPERATOR  – any person  conducting  the operation  of a parking  place  or receiving  the 
consideration  for the parking  or storage  of vehicles  at such  parking  places,  including  but 
not limited  to, any governmental  body,  governmental  subdivision,  municipal  corporation,  
public  authority,  non-profit  corporation  or any person  operating  as an agent  of one of the 
aforementioned.  This includes  the leasing  of land in which  vehicles  are parked  and 
consideration  is received.  
 
PATRON  – any person  entering  into a transaction  to park or store  a motor  vehicle  at a 
non-residential  parking  place  for any period  of time for consideration,  excluding  any 
transaction involving Exempt Valet  Parking Services.  
 
PERSON  – any corporation,  partnership,  business  trust,  association,  estate,  trust,  
foundation  or natural  person.  
 
PROVIDER  – any person supplying Taxable Valet Parking Services . 
 
RESIDENCE  – any building  designed  and used  for family  living  or sleeping  purposes  
other  than a hotel,  apartment  hotel,  tourist  court  or trailer  park;  and any dwelling  unit 
located  in a hotel  or apartment.  
 
TRANSACTION  – the activity  involved  in the parking  or storing  of a motor  vehicle  at a 
non-residential  parking  place  for a consideration  excluding  Exempt Valet Parking  
Services  within the geographic boundaries of the City of Pittsburgh . 
 
TREASURER  – the Director  of the Department  of Finance,  his deputies,  and their 
agents.  The Deputy  Director of  Finance  serves  as City Treasurer.  
 
VALET  PARKING  SERVICES  – for the purposes  of these  Parking  Tax Regulations : 
  
Exempt Valet Parking  Services  refers  to a service  provided  to accommodate  patrons  
of any business  establishment  where  a valet  parking  operator  or attendant  takes  
temporary  custody  of the patrons’  motor  vehicle  and moves,  parks,  or stores  the 
vehicle  in a parking  facility  that is owned  by or leased  exclusively  to the establishment,  
and later return  the vehicle  to the patron  of the establishment;  where  the parking  facility  
is open  only during  the hours  of the establishment’s  operation  and only to the patrons  
of that single  establishment;  and where  the service  charge  is less than the prevailing  
parking  rate for comparable  public  lots in the area.   
 
For the purposes  of these  Parking  Tax Regulations,  a valet  service  providing  
attendants  who drive  the patron’s  vehicle  from the entrance  of an establishment  and 
park the vehicle  in a licensed,  public  facility,  whether  the facility  is open  to the public  on a 
single  fee transaction  or a monthly  fee basis  or lease,  and pass  along  the charge  for 
parking  directly  to the patron  whose  vehicle  they have  taken,  together  with a service  
fee, shall not be liable for the parking tax but would  be subject  to other business  taxes.  
 
Any parking services provided to a patron that do not meet the definition of Exempt Valet 
Parking Services shall be considered Taxable Valet Parking Services. For example:  
 
(a) For a ny parking service provided to a patron  by a valet , if the rate charged for this 
service is not lower than the prevailing parking rate for the area the service shall be -8-  considered Taxable Valet Parking Services and the transaction shall be subject to 
the parking tax.  It will be assumed that a parking charge is being collected as part of 
the service charg e, and the parking  tax shall be imposed,  collected  and remitted  
to the Treasurer  based  upon  the prevailing  parking  rate in the area.    
 
(b) If the parking facility is used by multiple business establishments, or is open for use 
during hours when the business establishment otherwise is closed, the service shall 
be considered Taxable Valet Par king Services and the consideration paid by the 
patro n shall be subject to tax.  
 
 
 -9-  ARTICLE  2:  REGISTRATION  AND  ANNUAL  LICENSE  
 
§ 201.  REGISTRATION.  
 
Each  operator  who begins  or intends  to begin  to operate  a non-residential  parking  place  
or provide Valet Parking Services shall file with the Treasurer,  before  commencing  
operation  of the parking  place,  a completed  registration  form prescribed  by the 
Treasurer,  and shall set forth therein  the operator’s  name,  address,  business  location,  
identity  of the owner  of the property,  a record  of tickets,  leases  and contracts  that are 
to be used  and a specimen  copy  of each,  and any other  information  as may be required  
by the Treasurer.  www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance  
 
§ 202.  ANNUAL  LICENSE  REQUIRED  
 
No operator  shall begin  or continue  to conduct  the operation  of a non-residential  parking  
place  without  obtaining  for each  individual  parking  place  an annual  license  from the 
Superintendent  of the Bureau  of Building  Inspection  in accordance  with Title Two, 
Article VII, Section  253.03  of the Code.  Proof  of payment  in full  of the parking tax is 
required  prior to license  issuance  or renewal.  Licenses  are not transferable  between  
operators  nor can they be transferred  from one parking  place  to another.  Any operator  
who ceases  to conduct  the operation  of a parking  place  shall notify  the Treasurer  and 
shall return  the license  applicable  thereto  to the License Operator.  
 
Any provider of Valet Parking Services  is required to hold a Valet parking license  from the 
Director of Mobility and Infrastructure in accordance with Title Five, Article VI, Section 
548.02 of the Code.  Each license must be renewed annually.  
 .-10-  ARTICLE  3: IMPOSITION  OF TAX 
§ 301.  RATE  OF TAX.  
 
(a) Rate  of tax. A tax for general  revenue  purposes  is hereby  imposed  upon  each  
parking  transaction  by a patron  of a non-residential  parking  place  at the rate of 
thirty -seven  and one-half (37.5)  percent  for all transactions  occurring  on or after 
January  1, 2009.  The rate of tax may be changed  for any tax year by the 
legislative  actions  of the Mayor and City Council.   However, the tax rate may not 
exceed the rate permitted by the Municipal Pension Plan Funding Standard and 
Recovery Act , 53 P.S. § 895.902.  
 
(b) Calculation  of tax. The following  method  must  be used  to compute  the tax, 
whether  the tax total is taken  from individual  cash  register  tapes  or where  
individual  tax collections  are not kept for each  ticket :  
 
Simplified Calculation .  For ease of administration and tax collection,  the tax 
return presumes that gross collections include both total consideration from the 
patron and collected parking tax  from the patron . Under this simplified 
calculation the applicable tax rates is 27.273% times gross collections.  
 
 The rate of tax is defined  above  and will be applied  as follows:  
 
Parking  Fee X Tax Rate  = Parking  Tax Due 
 
For example,  where  the tax rate is 37.5%:  
 
$1,000.00  X 37.5%  = $375.00  
$1,550.00  X 37.5%  = $581.25  
 
(c) Calculation  of total  payment.  The following  method  shall be used  to compute  
the total payment  collected  by the  operator  and paid by the  patron,  whether  the tax 
total is taken  from individual  cash  register  tapes  or where  individual  collections  are 
not kept for each  ticket.  The rate of tax is defined  above  and will be applied  as 
follows:  
 
Parking  Fee + Parking  Tax = Total  Payment  
 
For example,  where  the tax rate is 37.5%:  
$1,000.00  + $375.00  = $1,375.00  
$1,550.00  + $581.25  = $2,131.25  
 
(d) Calculation  of total  payment where  there  is a surcharge.  The following method  
shall be used  to compute  the total payment  collected  by the operator  and paid by 
the patron  when  a surcharge  is imposed,  whether  the tax total is taken  from 
individual  cash  register  tapes  or where  individual  collections  are not kept for each  
ticket.  The parking  tax will be applied  to the sum of the base  parking  fee and the 
surcharge.  The rate of  tax is defined above  and will be applied  as follows:  
 -11-  (Base  Fee + Surcharge)   + Tax Rate(Base Fee  + Surcharge) = Total  Payment  
 
For example,  where  the tax rate is 37.5%  and the surcharge  is $10: 
($1,000.00  + $10.00)  + $378.75  = $1,388.75  
($1,550.00  + $10.00)  + $585.00  = $2,145.00  
 
§ 302.  COLLECTION  OF TAX.  
 
(a) Collection  by operator  or provider .  A tax for general  revenue  purposes  is imposed  
upon  each  patron  entering into  a parking transaction,  at the specified  rate of  the 
consideration for each such  transaction,  which  tax shall be collected by the operator  
from the patron,  and shall be paid over to the Treasurer as set forth in Chapter 253  
of the Pittsburgh  Code.  
 
(b) Creation  of a trust.  All taxes  collected by any operator in accordance  with the 
Pittsburgh  Code,  Chapter 253  shall constitute a trust fund for the benefit  of the City 
and such trust  shall be enforceable  against  the operator  and any person  receiving  
any part of such  fund without  consideration,  or with knowledge  that the operator is  
committing a breach  of trust;  provided  however,  that any person  receiving payment  
of a lawful  obligation  of the operator  from such fund shall be presumed  to have  
received  the same  in good faith and  without  any knowledge  of the  breach of  trust.  
 
(c) Liability  of the  operator.   Any operator or provider required  under the Pittsburgh  
Code,  Chapter 253  to collect  tax from a patron,  who shall  fail to collect  the tax, shall 
be liable for the tax upon  the full  consideration received  from the patron or on his/her  
behalf.  
 
§ 303.  RETURN  FORMS.  
 
(a) Each  operator,  on forms  prescribed  by the Treasurer,  shall file by the fifteenth  day 
of each month,  returns  for the preceding month  showing the consideration  received  
with respect  to each  parking  place  during  the preceding  month  together  with the 
amount  of tax due and collected thereon.  Any operator with  more  than one parking  
place  shall file a separate  return  for each  individual  parking  place.  At the time of 
filing the return,  the operator  shall pay to the Treasurer  all tax due  and collected for 
the period to which  the return applies.  
 
(b) Information  required.  Operators  shall provide  all information  as required  to 
complete  the return  and the Pittsburgh  Parking  Tax Daily  Report,  as prescribed  by 
the Treasurer,  including but not limited  to, the following information:  
 
(1) Total  consideration  received  for each  category  of parking.   Categories  should  
include,  but are not limited  to, hourly,  daily,  evening,  event,  weekly,  
monthly,  lease and  prepaid amounts;  
 
(2) Beginning and ending ticket  numbers  and serial  numbers  for leases  for each  
category  shall be indicated beside  the day of reported  activity;  and 
 
(3) The amount  of tax due. -12-   
(c) Missing  Tickets.  Whenever  any tickets  or ticket  stubs  issued  during  the 
preceding  month  are missing  or unaccounted  for at the time of filing the return  the 
operator  must  report  on a form prescribed  by the Treasurer,  the number  of 
missing or unaccounted  for tickets  from the preceding  month  and shall pay to the 
Treasurer,  by the fifteenth  day of the subsequent  month,  a fee equal  to the 
maximum  daily rate for each  ticket  that is missing  or unaccounted  for from the 
preceding  month.  
 
(d) Adjustments.  All adjustments  must  include  a full, detailed  explanation  showing  
the adjusted  amounts,  the reason  for the adjustment,  the category  of parking,  and 
the period  in which  the collections  were  originally  reported.  The explanation  must  
include  a clear  indication  of the amount  of any Parking  Tax collected  from the 
patron  and proof  the Tax was subsequently  refunded  to the patron.  An amended  
return for the adjusted period may be required.  
(e) Forms  for returns  may be obtained from,  and shall  be filed with: TREASURER,  CITY  
OF PITTSBURGH  
DEPARTMENT  OF FINANCE  414 GRANT  ST RM 206  
PITTSBURGH  PA 15219  
 
(f) Failure  to obtain  or receive  the necessary  forms  will not excuse  the agent  for 
failure  to file a return and  pay the tax due and collected  in a timely  manner.  
 
(g) Signature  required.  Where  an operator  is an individual,  he must  personally  sign 
the return;  if a partnership  or association,  a signature  of one general  partner  or 
member  is required;  if a corporation,  the return  must  be signed  by the officer  of the 
corporation  authorized  to file tax returns.  
 
(h) If an operator  has more  than one parking  lot or garage,  each  place  of 
operation  must  be registered  with the Department  of Finance,  Parking  Tax 
Division,  and a return  for each  individual  place  of operation  is required  to be filed 
with the data to each,  separately  reported  for every  month  and part thereof  of 
said activity.  
 
(i) Failure  to complete  the forms  as required.  A return  will not be considered  filed 
unless  the operator  complies  with all of the above  provisions  pertaining  to filing of 
returns  and includes  all of the information  requested  on the prescribed forms.  Any 
return  not complying  with all of the requirements  prescribed  by this Chapter  will be 
considered  a non-compliance  violation and  deemed  incomplete.  
 
§ 304. PAYMENT  OF TAX.  
 
Each  operator,  on forms  prescribed by the Treasurer,  shall file by the fifteenth day of each  
month,  returns  for the preceding  month’s  transactions  and shall include  the payment  of 
the tax due and collected.  Checks  shall be made  payable  to: TREASURER,  CITY  OF 
PITTSBURGH.  Cash  payments  MUST  be made  to the Financial  Control  office  located  on 
the first floor of the City County  Building  along  with the appropriate  tax reporting  -13-  documents.  
 
§ 305.  ACCEPTANCE  OF TAX RETURN.  
 
(a) Acceptance of  the return filed by the operator/agent  and/or  negotiation  by the 
Treasurer of  the payment  tendered therewith  does  not constitute a final acceptance 
by the Treasurer of  the accuracy  or completeness  of the self - assessed  return and  
tax payment.  The Treasurer may also elect  to treat any such  filing and/ or payment  
as a partial  disposition  of the operator/agent’s  liability.  
 
(b) The Treasurer,  or any agent  designated  by him/her,  reserves  the right to make  spot 
checks  of returns  filed,  to make  such  corrections  as appear necessary  upon  the face 
of the return,  to submit  additional  billings  or request  additional  information,  and to 
make  refunds  or credits  based on the self-assessed  returns  without  accepting as 
final any  document  or payment  arising from  such  cursory  examination.  
 
(c) All returns  filed,  payments  negotiated,  credits  applied or refunds  remitted are  
conditional.  Acceptance  is final only after a duly approved  audit  or by operation  of 
law. -14-  ARTICLE  4:  RECORDS  AND  COMPLIANCE  
 
§ 401. GENERAL  REQUIREMENTS.  
 
(a) Information  required.  In general,  each  operator  shall maintain,  separately  with 
respect  to each  parking  place,  complete  and accurate  records  of all transactions,  
reflecting  the total amount  of consideration  received  from all transactions  and the 
total amount  of tax collected  on the basis  of such  consideration.  Records  to be 
kept shall consist  of, but are not limited  to: 
 
(1) License  for current  period;  
 
(2) Maximum  number of  vehicles  for each  parking place;  
 
(3) Rates  for each  category  of transaction  shall appear on the registration  form 
and the operator shall  provide  the Treasurer written  notification of  any 
changes  in such  rates  by way of written notification;  
(4) Part of each  serial  numbered  ticket  used  at each  parking  place  issued  to 
each  vehicle  to show  parking  period  and time charges  thereof  and copies  of 
all leases  or contracts  or agreements  reserving parking spaces;  
(5) Number  and serial  numbers  of parking  tickets  or contracts  on hand  when  
each  parking  facility  and/or  new facility  operator  is registered  to do business  
and at the beginning  of each  month  of operation.  This shall include  complete  
and accurate  records  including  copies  of the printer’s  manifest  of tickets  
purchased for or assigned for use in each  parking place;  
(6) Number  and serial  numbers  of leases  or contracts  on hand  when  each  
parking  facility  and/or  new facility  operator  is registered  to do business  and 
at the beginning  of each  month  of operation.  This shall include  complete  
and accurate  records  including  copies  of the printer’s  manifest  of all leases  
or contracts  purchased for or assigned for use in each  parking place.  
(7) In any case  where  unused  tickets,  leases  or contracts  have  become  
obsolete  or discontinued,  they shall be reported  and then destroyed  with 
permission and  under the  supervision  of the Treasurer;  
(8) Where  meters  are used,  accurate  records  of all money  collected  at each  
meter must  be kept;  
 
(9) A monthly  summary  showing  the starting  and ending  ticket  numbers  for 
each  series,  the number  of tickets  sold at each  representative  price  and the 
amount  of tax collected;  
 
(10) Exemptions,  if any; and 
 
(11) Detailed drawings,  such  as a plot plan,  shall be shown for each  parking  facility  
on the reverse  side of the registration form  and any alterations  made  to said 
locations  shall be provided  to the Treasurer  by way of a revised  draft.  
 -15-  (b) Record  Retention.  All books,  records,  daily record  sheets  and ticket  stubs  must  
be retained  by the operator  of a parking  facility  for a period  of five (5) years  
subsequent  to the year of the transaction.  This requirement  will apply  to all cases  
unless  advance  written  permission  to destroy  such  data has been  obtained  from 
the Treasurer.  
 
§ 402. EVIDENCE  OF PARKING  TRANSACTIONS.  
 
Every  vehicle  in a parking place  will display  evidence  of the parking  transaction,  except  as 
specifically  described below:  
 
(a) Manually  issued  tickets.  
 
(1) Tickets  must  be numbered,  dated,  and issued  in serial  number  sequence.  
Numbers  on additional  ticket  purchases  will be continued  sequentially.  Written 
authorization  by the Treasurer shall  be required  to change  the numerical  
sequence or series  of any ticket.  
 
(2) Where  an operator conducts  business  at more  than one location,  a separate  
set of tickets  will be issued at each  location.  
 
(3) When  a flat rate is charged  for parking,  a separate  set of tickets  will be issued 
for each  rate. 
 
(4) If a space is  reserved on a lease or contracted  basis  the serial  number of  
such  lease  or contract  will be evident  on the vehicle  which  corresponds  with 
the signed lease  or contract  number.  This sticker/permit/placard  shall be 
approved  by the Treasurer.   No tickets  shall be issued  for lease  customers.  
Leases  shall be issued in  serial  number order.  
 
(b) Mechanically  issued  tickets.  A parking  facility  which  uses  and maintains  a 
mechanical  device  for counting  and registering  all vehicles  entering  or leaving  the 
facility  on a meter  or meters  and which  device  is activated  by the vehicle  in such  a 
way as to ensure  a record  of each  vehicle,  is not required  to display  evidence  of 
the parking transaction on each  vehicle  where  the following requirements  are met: 
(1) Where  the parking rate is  measured by units  of time:  
 
(a) Tickets  shall be issued  to all patrons  in serial  number  sequence  
showing the date and time  of entry;  
 
(b) Tickets shall be arranged  so that part of each ticket  showing the 
parking period and  charge  is retained as part of the operator’s  records;  
 
(c) The ticket  ejector shall  be synchronized  with the registering and 
counting device;  and 
(d) The counting  device  or meter  must  register  every  vehicle  without  
exception  and no part or unit of the device  may be rendered  
inoperative  by switch,  button or other means.  -16-  (2) Where  space  is reserved  on a lease or contract  basis:  
(a) The serial  number  of such  lease  or contract  must  be evident  on the 
vehicle  which  corresponds  with the signed  lease  or contract  number.  
No tickets  are to be issued for lease  customers;  
 
(b) This sticker/permit/placard  to be affixed  to each  vehicle  shall be 
approved by the Treasurer;  and 
 
(c) Leases  are to be issued  in serial  number  order.  
 
(3) Mechanical  or electro -mechanical  devices  or methods  for counting,  
registering  and recording  parking  transaction  information,  other  than as 
specifically  described  in these  regulations,  shall be approved  by the 
Treasurer and  the Licensing Officer.  
 
(c) Parking  meters.  A parking  facility  which  uses  parking  meters  activated  by a coin 
or token  shall not be required  to display  evidence  of the parking  transaction  on 
each  vehicle.  Clear  detailed  logs and records  of all money  collected  from each  
meter shall  be kept by the operator.  
(d) Free  parking  for employees.  If no consideration  is received  for free parking  for 
employees,  a list of each  employee’s  name,  job title and license  plate  number  shall 
be maintained.  This list shall be maintained  for all free parking  at a paid parking  
facility.  
 
(e) Other  methods.  Methods  for counting,  registering  and recording  parking  
transaction  information,  other than as specifically  in these  regulations,  shall be 
approved  by the Treasurer  and the  Licensing  Officer.  Written  authorization  of the 
Treasurer  shall be required  to change  or alter the numerical  sequence  of any 
tickets.  
§ 403. REVENUE  CONTROL  EQUIPMENT.  
(a) Pursuant  to City Code,  Title Seven,  Article  VII, Section  763.03  (g), the owner  or 
operator  of a non-residential  parking  place  that has consistently  underreported  
gross  revenues  and tax to the Treasurer  may be required,  as a condition  for 
licensing,  to install  an electro -mechanical  device  which  monitors  and counts  the 
number  of vehicles  admitted  to and leaving from a non-residential  parking place.  
 
(b) Underreporting.  An owner  or operator  may be deemed  to be consistently  
underreporting  gross  revenue  and tax for, but limited  to, any of the following  
reasons:  
 
(1) Underreporting or failure  to report  gross  revenue to the Treasurer;  
 
(2) Underreporting  or failure  to report  the number  of cars parked  in the parking  
place  and/or  the maximum  number  of cars that could  be parked  in the 
parking place;  
 
(3) Underreporting or failure  to report  the number  of tickets  issued  to patrons;  -17-  (4) Underreporting or failure  to report  the numbers  on tickets  issued  to patrons;  
 
(5) Failing to issue  tickets,  tags,  or lease  tags;  
 
(6) Underreporting or failure  to report  hours  of operation;  
 
(7) Underreporting  or failure  to report  duration  of any specific  parking  instance;  
or 
 
(8) Underreporting or failure  to report  duration  of leases.  
 
(c) Types  of revenue  control  equipment.  If, as a condition  of licensing,  an operator  
is required  to install  revenue  control  equipment,  the equipment  shall meet  one of 
the following  specifications:  
 
(1) Type  A.  Type  A shall be of the type that has entrance  and exit gate arms;  
synchronized  ticket  dispenser;  fee computer inclusive  of printer and fee 
indicator;  and counters.  This equipment  shall have  the capability  of recording 
the date and time that a vehicle enters  and leaves  a non- residential  parking 
place  and the amount  of consideration  and parking tax collected by an 
operator,  and shall meet  the specifications  of the License  Officer.  
 
(2) Type  B. Type  B shall be of the type that counts  every  vehicle  that enters  and 
leaves  a non-residential  parking lot  and shall include  a count  module  and 
computer;  and shall meet  the specifications  of the License  Officer.  
§ 404. POSTING  OF RATES.  
Every  operator  shall post and maintain  in a conspicuous  place,  at each  entrance,  a sign 
printed  in letters  of such uniform  size and character  as to be easily  read by prospective  
customers,  showing  the operator’s  name,  lot address,  operator’s  license  number,  and a 
schedule  of rates.  The schedule  of rates  must  include  the rates  to be charged  on an 
hourly,  daily,  Sunday,  holiday,  event  and special  bases,  and weekly,  monthly  and yearly  
leases,  which  corresponds  to those  rates  stated  in the operator’s  application  for a parking  
license.   The schedule  of rates  must  be posted  in one of the formats  listed  below:  
 
Format  A. A complete  schedule  listing  the category,  total charge  to the patron  with the 
parking tax included:  
 
CATEGORY  FEE 
1 Hour  $1.38  
2 Hours  $2.75  
3 Hours  $4.13  
All Day Parking  $6.19  
Special  Events  $6.88  
Weekly  Leases  $27.50  
Monthly  Leases  $89.38  
Annual  Leases  $825.00  -18-  Format B.  A complete schedule  listing the category,  parking fee, parking tax,  and the 
total charge  to the patron:  
 
CATEGORY  FEE + TAX = TOTAL  
1 Hour  $1.00   $0.38   $1.38  
2 Hours  $2.00   $0.75   $2.75  
3 Hours  $3.00   $1.13   $4.13  
All Day Parking  $4.50   $1.69   $6.19  
Special  Events  $5.00   $1.88   $6.88  
Weekly  Leases  $20.00   $7.50   $27.50  
Monthly  Leases  $65.00   $24.38   $89.38  
Annual  Leases  $600.00   $225.00   $825.00  -19-  ARTICLE  5: ADMINISTRATION  
 
§ 501. POWERS  OF TREASURER.  
 
(a) It shall be the duty of the Treasurer  to collect  and receive  the taxes,  fines,  and 
penalties  imposed  by the Code.  It shall also be the duty of the Treasurer  to keep  a 
record  showing  the date of such  receipt  and provide  the taxpayer  with proof  of 
payment,  which  shall be required  for license  renewal.  The Treasurer  reserves  the 
right to withdraw  this proof  of payment  and notify  the Bureau  of Building  
Inspections.  
 
(b) The Treasurer  is charged  with the administration  and enforcement  of the 
provisions  of the City Code  and these  Regulations.  The Treasurer  is empowered  
to prescribe,  adopt,  promulgate  and enforce  rules  and regulations  relating  to any 
matter  pertaining  to the administration  and enforcement  of the City Code.  This 
power includes,  but is not limited to: 
 
(1) The power  to observe  parking  spaces  in order  to verify  that the 
information  provided  by the operator  to the Treasurer  is an accurate  and 
correct  representation  of the operator’s  business  operations,  including  but 
not limited  to, the volume  of cars in the parking  space,  the consideration  
being collected,  and the consistency  of the operator’s  reporting procedures;  
 
(2) The power  to reexamine  and correct  declarations  and returns,  payments  
alleged  or found  to be incorrect,  and overpayments  claimed  or found  to 
have  occurred;  
 
(3) The power  to examine  the books,  papers,  records,  or other  relevant  
documentation  of any supposed  operator,  in accordance  with these  
Regulations  and as described  in Section  502; 
 
(4) The power,  when  records  are not available  to the City to support  the returns  
filed or which  should  have  been  filed,  to compel  the operator  to make  them  
available  to the Treasurer;  
 
(5) The power  to prescribe  forms  necessary  for the administration  of the Code  
and these  Regulations;  and 
 
(6) The power  to issue  citations  for violations  of these  Regulation  and institute  
penalties,  including  but not limited  to those  prescribed  in Article  6 of these  
Regulations.  
 
(c) The Treasurer  is authorized  to issue  a ruling  upon written  request  of any operator.  
 
§ 502.  RECORDS  REQUIRED.  
 
Operators  subject  to the requirements  of these  Regulations  are required  to keep  such 
records  as will enable  the filing of true and accurate  returns  of the Parking  Tax, and such  
records  shall be preserved  for a period  of not less than five (5) years  from the filing date-20-  or due date,  whichever  is later,  in order  to enable  the Treasurer  to verify  the correctness  
of the declarations  or returns.  
 
§ 503. EXAMINATION  OF BOOKS  AND  RECORDS.  
 
(a) Agents  designated  by the Treasurer  are hereby  authorized  to examine  the books,  
papers,  and records  of any operator  or supposed  operator,  in order  to verify  the 
accuracy  of any declaration  or return,  or if no declaration  or return  was filed,  to 
ascertain  the tax due. Every  operator  or supposed  operator,  is hereby  directed  and 
required  to give to the Treasurer,  or to any agent  designated  by him/her,  the 
means,  facilities,  and opportunity  for such  examinations  and investigations,  as are 
hereby  authorized.  
 
(b) If records  are not available  in the City of Pittsburgh  to support  the returns  which  
were  filed or which  should  have  been  filed,  the operator  will be required  to make  
them  available  to the Treasurer  either  by producing  them  in a City of Pittsburgh  
location  or by paying  for the expenses  incurred  by the Treasurer  in traveling  to the 
place  where  the records  are regularly  kept.  
 
(c) The Treasurer may  issue  and serve  subpoenas  to carry  out these provisions.  
 
(d) Any information  gained  by the Treasurer,  by designated  agents,  or by any other  
official  or agent  of the City of Pittsburgh,  as a result  of any declarations,  returns,  
investigations,  hearings  or verifications  required  or authorized  by the Code,  shall 
be confidential  except  for official  purposes  and shall not be released  except  in 
accordance  with a proper judicial  order,  or as otherwise  provided  by law. 
 
§ 504.  RECORD  RETENTION.  
 
Operators  and Providers who collect  the Parking  Tax are required  to keep  such  records  
as will enable  the filing of true and accurate  returns  of the tax and such  records  shall be 
preserved  for a period  of not less than five (5) years  from the filing date or due date 
whichever  is later in order to enable the Treasurer to verify  the correctness  of the 
declarations  or returns  filed.  
 
§ 505.  AUDITS.  
 
If, as a result  of an examination  conducted  by the Treasurer,  a return  is found  to be 
incorrect,  the Treasurer  is authorized  to assess  and collect  any underpayments  of the 
Parking  Tax. If no return  has been  filed and a tax is found  to be due, the tax actually  due 
may be assessed  and collected  with or without  the formality  of obtaining  a return  from the 
operator  or provider . Deficiency  assessments  (i.e., where  operator  or provider has filed a 
return  but is found  to owe additional  tax) must  include  records  for up to five (5) years  prior 
to the date when  the deficiency  is assessed.  Where  no return  was filed,  there  will be no 
limit to the period  of assessment.   Any assessment will be issued in accordance with 53 
Pa.C.S. § 8427  
 
(a) If records  are not available  in the City to support  the returns  which  were  filed or 
which  should  have  been  filed,  the taxpayer  will be required  to make  them  
available  to the Treasurer  either  by producing  them  in a City location  or by 
paying  for the expenses  incurred  by the Treasurer  in traveling  to the place  where  -21-  the records  are regularly  kept.  
(b) A taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written 
requests for information from the City or its agents, unless an extension of time is 
granted in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S. § 8424.  
(c) Any information  gained  by the Treasurer,  by designated  agents,  or by any other  
official  or agent  of the City, as a result  of any declarations,  returns,  
investigations,  hearings  or verifications  required  or authorized  by the Code,  shall 
be confidential  except  for official  purposes,  and shall not be released  except  in 
accordance  with a proper  judicial  order,  or as otherwise  provided  by law.  53 
Pa.C.S. § 8437.  
 
 -22-  ARTICLE  6: VIOLATIONS  
 
§ 601.  REMEDIES  NOT  MUTUALLY  EXCLUSIVE.  
 
The remedies  provided  in this Article  are not mutually  exclusive.  The utilization  by the 
Treasurer  of one or more  remedies  does  not preclude  utilization  another.  Moreover,  use 
of any or all of the remedies  provided  in these  Sections  does  not preclude  the use by the 
City of any other  legal  or administrative  procedure  which  can bring  about  compliance  by 
the operator with  the provisions  of the  Code  and these Regulations.  
 
Once it has been determined that that a taxpayer owes a tax, the Treasurer will take all 
actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. Such action may include obtaining additional 
information, auditing taxpayer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of 
the tax, or obtaining liens on the taxpayer’s property, wage attachments, levies, and 
seizures and sales of  the taxpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. The Treasurer 
may enter into a written agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments 
if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection. The Treasurer 
may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek criminal 
charges in appropriate circumstances.  See, Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.702.  
 
 
§ 602. PENALTY  AND  INTEREST.  
 
(a) If for any reason the  Parking Tax is not paid in  whole or in part  when  due, a penalty  
at the rate of five percent  (5%) per month  of the amount  of the Parking Tax will be 
added  and collected  as penalty  for every  month  or fraction  thereof  during the time 
the Parking Tax  goes  unpaid,  such  penalty  not to  exceed fifty  percent  (50%).  
Once  due and owing,  penalty  becomes  part of the Parking Tax.  
 
(b) In addition to the penalty,  interest  of one percent  (1%)  for every  month  or fraction  
thereof  will be added to  the delinquent  tax balance  which  will continue  to accrue  
until the full  payment  of the tax principal  is made.   In no event shall the interest rate 
assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens 
Act, 53 P.S. 7143, or applic able law.  
 
(c) On any additional  Parking Fee  determined to be due as a result  of a deficiency  
notice,  penalty  and interest  will be assessed from  the day the Parking Tax should  
have  been  paid to the date of payment.  Penalty  and interests  are calculated  in 
Section 602(a) and 602(b),  respectively.  
 
(d) Where  suit is brought  for the recovery  of the Parking Tax,  the person  liable therefor  
shall,  in addition,  be liable for the costs  of collection , penalties,  and interest  herein  
imposed.  
 
(e) A person’s  belief  that no Parking  Tax is due and owing,  or the failure of  any person  
to receive  or obtain the forms required  for making the returns  required  by the Code  
is not a valid defense to  the imposition  of penalties  for violation herein.   Good  faith 
shall not be a defense  to the imposition  of penalty.  
 
 -23-  § 603. VIOLATIONS  AND  FINES.  
 
(a) Violations.  No person  shall violate  any provisions  of the City Code  including,  
but not limited  to any violation under Title Seven, Art. VII Section 763 or Title Five, 
Art. VII, Section 548, of the Pittsburgh  Code, including,  but not limited  to: 
 
(1) Fail, neglect,  or refuse  to make  any declaration  or file a return  required  
under these  Regulations;  
 
(2) Fail, neglect,  or refuse  to pay in part or in whole  the Parking  Tax when  it is 
due as required by these  Regulations;  
 
(3) Refuse  to permit  the Treasurer  to examine  the books,  records   or accounts  
of any business,  taxable or otherwise,  to determine  liability;  
 
(4) Make  any incomplete,  false,  or fraudulent  return,  or attempt  to do anything  to 
avoid  full disclosure  of the amount  of tax due, or to avoid  payment  in 
whole  or in part of the Parking Tax;  
 
(5) Divulge  information,  which  is confidential  under  Chapter  201.06  of the 
Code.  
 
(b) Fines.   Pursuant  to the Local  Tax Enabling  Act, as amended,  in addition  to any 
other  penalties  or enforcement  of fees:  
 
(1) Any operator  who negligently  or willfully  refuses  to file a Parking  Tax 
Return  as required  by these  regulations  shall be guilty  of a misdemeanor  of 
the third degree  and shall,  upon  conviction  by a magistrate,  be sentenced  
to a term of imprisonment  of not more  than one (1) year and/or  to pay a fine 
of one thousand  dollars  ($1,000)  for the first occurrence,  two thousand  
dollars  ($2,000)  for the second  occurrence,  and three  thousand  dollars  
($3,000)  for every  occurrence  thereafter;  
 
(2) Any operator  who negligently  or willfully  makes  any false  or untrue  
statement  on the Parking  Tax return  shall be guilty  of a misdemeanor  of 
the second  degree  and shall,  upon  conviction  by a magistrate,  be 
sentenced  to a term of imprisonment  of not more  than one (1) year and/or  to 
pay a fine of one thousand  dollars  ($1,000)  for the first occurrence,  two 
thousand  dollars  ($2,000)  for the second  occurrence,  and three  thousand  
dollars  ($3,000)  for every  occurrence  thereafter;  
 
(3) Any operator who  negligently  or willfully  fails to remit  the entire  amount  of the 
Parking Tax,  as determined and required by these  Regulations,  shall be 
guilty  of a misdemeanor of  the second  degree  and shall,  upon  conviction  by a 
magistrate,  be sentenced  to a term of  imprisonment  of not more  than one (1) 
year and/or to pay a fine of  one thousand  dollars  ($1,000)  for the first 
occurrence,  two thousand  dollars  ($2,000)  for the second  occurrence,  and 
three  thousand dollars  ($3,000)  for every  occurrence thereafter;  
 
(4) Any person  who willfully  fails or refuses  to appear  before  the Treasurer  or In -24-  person  with the requested  books,  records,  accounts,  or other  materials  for 
examination  when  required  by the Code  to do so, or who willfully  
refuses  to permit  inspection  of the books,  records,  accounts,  or other  
material  in the person’s  custody  when  required  by the Code  shall,  shall be 
guilty  of a misdemeanor  and shall,  upon  conviction  by a magistrate,  be 
sentenced  to pay a fine of not more  than five hundred  dollars  ($500)  and 
costs  for each  offence,  and in default  of payment  thereof  may be 
imprisoned for not more  than fifty  (50) days  for the first occurrence;  
 
(5) Each  and every  day that  the violation  continues  shall constitute  a separate  
offense for which  a fine can be imposed;  
 
(6) The fines  and terms  of imprisonment  imposed  under  this Section  shall be in 
addition  to any other  relief  granted  to the City of a monetary  nature  
under the provisions  of these  Regulations.  
 
 
§ 604. SUITS  FOR  RECOVERY  OF UNPAID  TAXES.  
 
The Treasurer may  sue in the name of  the City of Pittsburgh,  in law or in equity,  for the 
recovery  of those  taxes  due and unpaid  under the provisions  of the Parking Tax,  to compel  
the production of  records,  or to enforce  any other provisions  of the law. 
 
§ 605. LIMITATIONS.  
 
(a) The following periods  of limitations  will apply  to suits for collection of  taxes:  
 
(1) When  a return has been filed but no tax paid,  any suit brought  to recover the  
tax due and unpaid  must  be filed within  three  (3) years  after the return  was 
due or filed,  whichever  is later.  Where  no return  was filed,  there  will be no 
limit to file suit for the collection of  taxes;  
 
(2) In the case  of a deficiency  assessment,  suit must  be filed within  three  (3) 
years  after the assessment  has been made.  
 
(b) The limitations  set forth in paragraph  (a) shall  not prevent  the institution  of a suit for 
the collection of  any tax due or determined  to be due in the following  cases:  
 
(1) Where  no return was  filed,  there  is no limitation;  
 
(2) Where  the return  is fraudulent,  there is  no limitation;  
 
(3) When  there  is an understatement  of tax liability  of twenty -five percent  (25%)  
or more,  and not due to fraud,  suit must  be begun  within  six (6) years  after 
the return  was due or filed,  whichever is  later.  
 
(c) A return filed before  the due date is  deemed to  be filed on the due date.  
 
§ 606 . – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN  FOR ANY DEFICIENCY  
 
In the appropriate circumstances, the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and 
defer further collection action, if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the -25-  Treasurer.  The Treasurer will approve installment pa yment plans only if such a plan is in 
the best interests of the City.  The taxpayer must specifically request the installment 
payment plan from the Treasurer.  For the required terms of any installment plan See, 
Second Class City Treasurer’s Sale and Colle ction Act, 53 P.S. § 27207 and Local 
Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. § 8436.  If the taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of the 
installment payment plan, the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax, penalty 
and interest.  -26-  ARTICLE  7: TAXPAYER  REMEDIES  
 
§701.   TREASURER’S  HEARINGS.  
 
Any taxpayer  aggrieved by  an assessment  by the Treasurer  shall,  within  ninety  (90) 
days  after the date of notice  of the assessment,  request  a Treasurer’s  Hearing  
on a form obtained  from the Treasurer  for that purpose.  53 Pa.C.S.  § 8431. The 
Treasurer  may on his/her  own initiative  cite a taxpayer  for a hearing.  
  
(a) Any taxpayer  who fails to request  a Treasurer’s  Hearing  within  a timely  
manner,  waives  the right to contest  any element  of the assessment,  and 
that party’s  failure  to challenge  the Treasurer’s  adjudication  will be 
construed  as an admission  by that party  as to the propriety  of the 
assessment.  
 
(b) The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum:  
 
(1) The taxpayer’s name, address, and daytime telephone number.  
(2) The taxpayer’s account and/or social security number.  
(3) A copy of the assessment notice the taxpayer received from the 
Finance Department.  
(4) A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reaso ns the 
taxpayer disagrees with the assessment and any documentation 
necessary to support the taxpayer’s claims.  
(5) Taxpayer’s signature.  
 
(c) The completed petition should be mailed to:  
 
TREASURER HEARINGS  
TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH  
414 GRANT ST  
PITTSBURG H PA 15219 -2476  
 
(d) Any taxpayer  may request  a Treasurer’s  Hearing  so that his tax refund  
request  can be reviewed.  
 
(e) The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 
53 Pa.C.S. § 8428.  
 
(f) The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the 
taxpayer’s complete and accurate petition form.   
 
 
§ 702.  APPEALS.  
Any person  aggrieved  by a final decision  of the Treasurer  following  a Treasurer’s  
Hearing  may,  within  thirty  (30) days  after receipt  of the notice  of such  decision,  
appeal  the decision  to the Court  of Common  Pleas  of Allegheny  County , in 
accordance with the Taxpayers Bill of Rights. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8434.  If no such  appeal  
is timely  filed,  the aggrieved  party  waives  his/her  right to contest  any element  of 
the Treasurer’s  adjudication,  and that party’s  failure  to challenge  the same  will -27-  be construed  as an admission  by that party  as to the propriety  of the 
Treasurer’s  decision.  No hearing  or appeal  will operate  to suspend  the accrual  of 
penalty  and interest  from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually  paid.  
§ 703.  REFUNDS.  
(a) Requests  for refunds.  An operator  that has overpaid  Parking Taxes  to the 
City of Pittsburgh  due to an error  reporting  monthly  collections  may file a 
written  request  with the Department  of Finance  for a refund  or a credit  of 
the overpaid  tax. The operator  shall clearly  show  the parking  collections  for 
the month  in which  the error  occurred,  the total amount  of tax properly  due 
for the report  period  in which  the overpayment  was made,  and the 
amount  of tax collected  and paid to the City of Pittsburgh  for the 
applicable  period,  including  the total amount  of and reason  for the 
overpayment.  An amended  Parking  Tax return  may be required  for the 
adjusted  report  period.   All refunds shall be processed consistently with the 
Local Tax Enabling Act and the Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S § 
8426  
 
(1) A request  for a refund  or a credit  shall be made  within  three  (3) years  
of the due date for filing the report  or one (1) year after actual  
payment  of the tax, whichever is  later;  
 
(2) If no  report  is required,  the request  shall be made  within  three  (3) 
years  after the due date for payment  of the tax or within  one (1) year 
after actual  payment  of the tax, whichever is  later;  
(3) For amounts  paid as a result  of a notice  asserting  or informing  a 
taxpayer  of an underpayment,  a written  request  for a refund  shall be 
filed with the Department  of Finance within  one (1) year of  the date of  
the payment.  
 
(4) A tax return filed  by the taxpayer with  the Department  of Finance  
showing  an overpayment  of tax shall be deemed to be a written  
request  for a cash  refund unless  otherwise  indicated on the tax return.  
 
(b) Proof of receipt.  If any claim  of overpayment  is made to the City of 
Pittsburgh  after reported  Parking Tax was collected from but subsequently  
refunded  to any patron;  for example,  the refunding of  any portion  of a prepaid 
lease,  the operator  must  be able to provide  proof  that the patron received  the 
refund  and that therefund amount  was properly  due and calculated.   No 
refund or credit  shall be  claimed by an operator  if overpaid  amounts  are not 
or cannot  be refunded  to the patrons  from whom they  were  originally  
collected.  -28-  ARTICLE  8:  SAVINGS  AND  SEVERABILITY  AND DISCLOSURES  
 
§ 801. SAVINGS  CLAUSE  AND  SEVERABILITY.  
If a final decision  of a court  of competent  jurisdiction  holds  any provision  of these  
regulations,  or the application  of any provision  to any circumstances,  to be illegal  or 
unconstitutional,  the other  provisions  in these  regulations,  or the application  of such  
provision  to other circumstances,  shall remain in full force  and effect.  
 
The intent  of the Treasurer  is that the provisions  of these  regulations  shall be severable  
and that they would  have  been  adopted  if any such  illegal  or unconstitutional  provisions  
had not been  included herein.  
 
§ 802 TAXPAYER DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  
A copy  of the Taxpayer  Bill of Rights  can be requested  in writing  at the address  
below  or downloaded  at   
http://apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf  
 
TREASURER,  CITY  OF PITTSBURGH  AUDIT  SECTION  
414 GRANT  ST RM 206 
PITTSBURGH  PA 15219 -2476  
 
 
 

================================================================================

Text from 9626_Payroll_Tax_Regulations.pdf:
CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
PAYROLL TAX 
REGULATIONS  
Issued Pursuant to the 
City of Pittsburgh 
City Code, Title II  
Article VII, Chapter 258 
Revised  and Effective - January 1, 20 20 
-2-  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
ARTICLE I – GENERAL PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................ .....................  3 
 SECTION 101 - DEFINITIONS  ................................ ................................ .......................  6 
 SECTION 102 – WHO MUST FILE A RETURN  ................................ .............................  6 
 
ARTICLE II – IMPOSITION OF TAX  ................................ ................................ .........................  8 
 SECTION 201 – LEVY AND RATE  ................................ ................................ .................  8 
 SECTION 202 – COMPUTATION OF TAX  ................................ ................................ .... 8 
 
ARTICLE III – EMPLOYER’S RESPONSIBILITY  ................................ ................................ .... 10 
 SECTION 301 – PAYROLL TAX LEVIED ON EMPLOYERS  ................................ ....... 10 
 
ARTICLE IV – ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT  ................................ .....................  11 
 SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER (DIRECTOR)  .................  11 
SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF TAXPAYERS AND 
EMPLOYERS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  11 
 SECTION 403 – RECORDS OT BE KEPT BY THE TAXPAYER  ................................ . 11 
 SECTION 404 – AUDITS AND TIME FOR ASSESSMENTS  ................................ ....... 12 
 
ARTICLE V – SUITS FOR TAX COLLECTIONS, VIOLATIONS, FINES, INTEREST AND 
PENALTIES    ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  13 
 SECTION 501 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE  ................................ ...... 13 
 SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES ................................ .. 13 
 SECTION 503 – LIMITATIONS  ................................ ................................ ....................  13 
 SECTION 504 – PENALTY AND INTEREST  ................................ ...............................  14 
SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO, PITTSBURGH CODE  ................................ .................  14 
 
ARTICLE VI – TAXPAYER REMEDIES  ................................ ................................ ..................  16 
 SECTION 601 – TREASURER HEARINGS  ................................ ................................ . 16 
SECTION 602 – APPEALS  ................................ ................................ ..........................  16 
 SECTION 603 – PAYMENT UNDER PROTEST  ................................ ..........................  17 
 SECTION 604 – REFUNDS  ................................ ................................ .........................  17 
 SECTION 605 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY  ................................ .........  17 
 SECTION 606 – TAXPAYER DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  ................................ .........  18 
 
 
 
 
 
 -3-  PAYROLL TAX REGULATIONS  
 
ARTICLE I  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 
SECTION 101 – DEFINITIONS  
The following words and phrases when used in these regulations shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in this Section,  except where the context clearly indicates a different meaning:  
ASSOCIATION – Partnership, limited partnership, business trust, limited liability company, or 
any other form of unincorporated business or enterprise owned or operated by two or more 
persons.  
BUSINESS – activity, enterprise, profession, trade or undertaking of any nature conducted or 
engaged in, or ordinarily conducted or engaged in, with the object of gain, benefit or 
advantages, whether direct or indirect, to the taxpayer or to another or ot hers. The term shall 
include subsidiary or independent entities which conduct operations for the benefit of others 
and at no profit to themselves, nonprofit businesses, and trade associations.  Only Payroll 
Expense associated with a Business that conducts business within the City is subject to tax.  
BUSINESS WITHIN THE CITY  - A person shall be deemed to be conducting business within 
the City if one engages, hires, employs or contracts with one or more individuals as employees , 
Partners,  or is self -employed and, in addition, does at least one of the following: (1) maintains 
a fixed place of business within the City; (2) owns or leases real property within the City for 
purposes of such business; (3) maintains a stock of tangible, personal property in the City for 
sale in the ordinary course of business; (4) conducts continuous solicitation within the City 
related to such business; or (5) utilizes the streets of the City in connection with the operation 
of such business, other than for the m ere transportation from a site outside the City, through 
the City, to a destination outside of  the City.  A person shall not be deemed to be engaged in 
business solely by reason of the receipt of Passive I ncome  for which no services ar e rendered.   
Local Tax  Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(b).   For persons who perform services within and 
without the City, Payroll Expense shall be apportioned in accordance with Section 102 of these 
regulations.  
CHARITY – a charitable organization that qualifies for tax exempt ion pursuant to the act of 
November 26, 1997 (P.L. 508, No 55), known as the “Institutions of Purely Public Charity Act” , 
10 P.S. § 371, that provides the evidence required by 10 P.S. § 376(a).  
CITY – the area within the city limits of the City of Pittsbur gh. 
COMPENSATION – salaries, wages, commissions, bonuses, net earnings and incentive 
payments, whether based on profit or otherwise, fees, tips and any other form of remuneration 
earned for services rendered, whether paid directly or through an agent, and whether in cash 
or in property or the right to receive property , excluding any Passive Income  received by 
Partners or Self -employed persons.    
The Compensation of a Partner or Self -employed person is that person’s Taxable Distributions 
from each separate B usiness carried on within the City.  
  
DISTRIBUTIONS – drawing account; the owner’s account for recording any withdrawals.  
 -4-  DRAWING ACCOUNT – a temporary capital account, set up in the name of a Partner  or Self -
employed  person  from which the individual can withdraw money or other assets in anticipation 
of profit  of the business.  
EMPLOYEE – any individual in the service of an Employer, under an appointment or contract 
of hire or apprenticeship, express or implied, oral or writte n, whether lawfully or unlawfully 
employed.    
Individuals who may be classified as an independent contractor under the tax reporting rules 
associated with IRS Form 1099 -MISC , can be re -classified as Employees for purposes of this 
tax.  I rrespective of the common law tests for determining the existence of an independent 
contractor relationship, an individual performing work or service for Compensation shall be 
deemed to be an Employee of the person for whom the work or service is performed unless: 
(1) such i ndividual has been and will continue to be free from control or direction over the 
performance of such work or service, under his/her appointment of contract of hire or 
apprenticeship; (2) such work or service is outside the usual course of the business of  the 
person for which such service is performed; or, (3) such individual is customarily engaged in 
an independently established trade, occupation, business or profession.   A Partner or Self -
employed person is not an Employee.  
 
EMPLOYER – any person conduct ing Business within the City .  An Exempt Employer is not 
an Employer under these regulations.   A Partnership is an Employer a s to its Employees and 
as to any of its Partners providing service in the City.  A Partner, conducting one or more 
business es within the City through a Partnership , where the Partnership  does not file a Payroll 
Tax return with the City, is an Employer.   Any Self -Employed Person conducting one or more 
Business within the City is an Employer.  
 
Any person who is classified as an em ployer under the Pennsylvania Personal Income Tax 
statute is an Employer under these regulations. 72 P.S. § 7301 (h).  The term Employer 
includes any person that makes an election under 26 U.S.C. § 3504 to act as a payroll agent , 
or any person who  both with holds and  remits the City local earned income tax, 53 P.S. § 
6924.501 , or the City local services tax, 53 P.S. § 6924.301.1(9) (v), on behalf of another.   53 
P.S. § 6924.303(j).   To decide issues involving joint employers, the City will look to the 
guidance  provided under the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 C.F.R. § 791.2 ( 85 FR 2820 , 
effective March 16, 2020 ). 
 
For example, a payroll reporting company that is not a common law employer of the workers 
of another unless it is: (a) an employer of those workers under 72 P.S. § 7301(h) or (b) the 
joint employer of th ose workers.  
 
EXEMPT EMPLOYER  – any person that is a Governmental Entity .  A contractor or consultant , 
classified as a Partner , a Self -employed person,  or a person receiving Form 1099 -MISC,  
providing services to an Exempt Employer is not itself exempt  merely because he or she 
derives service revenue from a Governmental Entity . 
 
GUARANTEED PAYMENTS  – payments to Partners by the Partnership for services that are 
determined without regard to th e net income of the Partnership.  For example, health insurance 
premiums paid by the Partnership on behalf of any Partner are Guaranteed Payments because 
they are determined without regard to the net income of the Partnership.  
 -5-  GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY  – any ag ency, authority, department, or instrumentality of the 
federal government or of another State, and any unit of government listed under 1 01 Pa. Code 
§ 23.221.  
 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE – the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (Public Law 99 - 514), as 
amended , 26 U.S.C. § 1, and following, as it was in effect on January 1, 20 20.  Any citation to 
regulations issued under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 26 C.F.R. § 1, and following, 
refers to the regulations in effect on January 1, 20 20. 
 
NET DISTRIBUTION – the am ount of a Partner’s or Self -employed person’s draws from net 
income from one or more Business es that have activities in the City shall be reported for the 
Payroll Expense Tax.   For purposes of this regulation,  TAXABLE DISTRIBUTIONS  are limited 
by the sum of draws or net income for that Partner  or Self -employed person , whichever is less. 
If the Partner’s or Self -Employed person’s Net Distribution exceeds that individual ’s share of 
net profit s from a particular Business , the excess draw is a return of capita l. A return of capital 
is not taxable because this is a liquidation of a Partner’s or Self-employed person’s assets by 
the owner .  A Partner’s Taxable Distribution s shall include a partner’s share of Guaranteed 
Payments from the Partnership.   Taxable Distr ibutions shall be determined using the same tax 
accounting method used to report taxable income for Pennsylvania Personal Income Tax 
purposes, Tax Reform Code of 1971.   Taxable Distributions from a Business are presumed to 
be derived from the current year’ s net income of that Business.  
 
PARTNER  – an individual owner or member in a Partnership.   A Partner will owe tax based 
on Taxable Distributions.  A Partner is not taxed on his or her Passive Income.  
 
PARTNERSHIP – an unincorporated entity, joint venture, business trust, general partnership, 
limited partnership, limited liability company, syndicate, or any other unincorporated 
association , with two or more owners that is taxed for Pennsylvania state income purposes as 
a pass -through entity.   Tax Reform Act of 1971, 72 P.S. § 7401 (definition of a “Corporation”).  
An unincorporated entity , with one owner,  that is treated under the federal “check -the-box” as 
a disregarded entity is not a Partnership.  26 C.F.R. § 301.7701 -3 (as it was in effect on 
January 1, 2 020).  See, Tax Reform Act of 1971, 72 P.S. § 7307.21.   An unincorporated entity, 
with one or more owners, that has made the federal “check -the-box” election to be taxed as a 
“corporation” is not a Partnership but it may be an Employer.  
 
PASSIVE INCOME  – Items of i ncome earned by a Partner or Self -employed person from 
interest  (not derived from working capital investments) , dividends, capital  gains  (except for an 
individual who is considered a trader and not an investor) , ground rents, royalties associated 
with the development of natural resources  through a non -operating interest , retirement income 
earned after retirement, and real estate rental income where substantial services are not 
provided to tenants , is non-taxable Passive Income.  In determining whet her any portion of net 
profits from a Business may constitute Compensation or non -taxable Passive Income, the 
Treasurer will follow the guidance issued under Tax Refo rm Code of 1971, 72 P.S. § 7303 (a), 
and the PA Personal Income Tax Return Guide, except wh ere such guidance is inconsistent 
with the purposes of the Payroll Tax .  Income earned by a Partner  or by a Self -employed 
person , is not Passive Income if the business provides professional services (e.g. law, 
accounting, architectural, professional engine ering, actuarial, or medical services) or personal 
services to customers, unless the Partner or Self -Employed person is retired , based on age or 
years of service,  and does not provide services to the business .  Guaranteed Payments made 
to a Partner are not  Passive Income.   Payments made to a retiring Partner under Section 736 
of the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. § 736, are Passive Income.   The Passive Income -6-  exclusion only applies to Partners and Self -employed persons, but not to Employees whose 
Compensa tion is reported to the taxing authorities on a Form W -2 or Form 1099 -MISC.  
 
PAYROLL EXPENSE – the total Compensation paid, including salaries, wages, net 
distributions, commissions, bonuses, stock options and other compensation to all individuals 
who duri ng any tax year, perform work or render services in whole or in part in the City of 
Pittsburgh. Employee contributions and deductions resulting from an employee election, 
whether deferred or otherwise, to qualified cash or deferred arrangements, such as an Internal 
Revenue Code Section 401( k) retirement plan or Internal Revenue Code Section 125  
“cafeteria plan” , do not reduce total Compensation . Compensation meeting the definition of 
earned income would be part of the Payroll Expense Tax  associated with a  particular 
Employee  who is not a Partner or a Self -employed person .  Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 
6924.501 (“Earned Income”).  The Payroll Tax is on gross payroll  of the Employer .  The 
Employers’ portions of federal and state payroll taxes, health insu rance  premiums , retirement 
plan contributions , etc., are not  part of taxable  gross payroll.    
 
The Payroll Expense of a Partner or Self -employed person is the cumulative annual  Taxable 
Distributions associated with each separate Business  carried on w ithin the Ci ty rather than 
“Earned Income” as defined in 53 P.S. § 6924.501.  
 
PERSON – a corporation, Partnership, Partner, Self-employed individual, business trust, 
association, unincorporated entity, estate, trust, foundation or natural person. Whenever used 
in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “person” as applied to Partnerships, 
shall mean  the Partners thereof, and as applied to corporations and unincorporated 
associations, shall mean the officers thereof.   A Governmental Entity  is not a Pe rson.  
 
SELF -EMPLOYED  – an individual  who earns  Compensation from one or more separate 
Business es carried on within the City , other than as an Employee or as a Partner.  The single 
member owner of a n unincorporated entity that is treated as disregarded entity under the 
federal “check -the-box” regulations, 26 C.F.R. § 301.7701 -3 (as it was in effect on January 1, 
2020), is treated as Self -Employed and not as a Partner.  The Compensation of a Self-
employ ed individual shall be that person’s Taxable Distributions from each separate business 
reported on Schedules C, E, or F of the Pennsylvania individual income tax Form PA -40, as 
well as any other non-employee Compensation , which is not otherwise reported on  Schedules 
C, E, or F.  Passive Income  of a Self -employed person is not subject to the Payroll Tax .  If the 
Self-Employed person does not keep records of Taxable Distrib utions, the entire net income 
of each separate Business  is presumed to be a Taxable Dis tribution.  Any individual who is 
classified as an Employee, because of the control exercised by the Employer, is not Self -
Employed as to any Compensation associated with that particular Business.  
 
TAX YEAR – a twelve -month period from January 1 to December 31.  
 
TAXPAYER – a person, partnership, association, corporation, or other entity required 
hereunder to file a return of payroll expense, or to pay a tax thereon.  An Employer , Partner,  or 
Self Employed person are a Taxpayer.   An Exempt Employer is not a Taxpayer.  
 
TEMPORARY SEASONAL OR ITINERANT BUSINESS – shall mean an Employer whose 
presence in the City is of a duration of one hundred twenty (120) days or less.  
 
TREASURER – references to the Treasurer in these regulations refer to the Director and /or 
the Department of Finance. The Director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in 
the City of Pittsburgh. The Deputy Director of Finance serves as City Treasurer.  -7-   
SECTION 102 – WHO MUST FILE A RETURN  
 
a. The City Code, Title II, Article VII, Chapter 258, imposes a Payroll Tax on all persons 
that engage, hire, employ or contract with one or more individuals, as employees, to 
perform work or render services within the City of Pittsburgh. The Payroll Tax is 
computed on the employer’s payroll  expense .  The Payroll Tax on Partners and Self -
Employed is computed based on Taxable Distributions  from any Business es. 
b. One hundred percent of the payroll expense is attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for 
Employers whose employees perform work or render services exclusively in the City of 
Pittsburgh.  
c. One hundred percent of a Partner’s  or Self -employed person’s Taxable Distributions 
are attributable to the City of Pittsburgh for person(s) who have net income from sales 
or services rendered exclusive ly in the City of Pittsburgh.  
d. For employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and 
partly outside of the City of Pittsburgh, the method of computing their payroll expense 
attributable to the City of Pittsburgh is to use the perce ntage of the total number of 
working hours employed within the City of Pittsburgh compared to the total number of 
working hours employed within and outside of the City of Pittsburgh for each individual 
employee.   Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303( a). 
e. Employers who have payroll expense consisting of work done within and outside of the 
boundaries of the City of Pittsburgh , but who do not regularly maintain records showing 
hours worked so as to be able to use the apportionment method under subsection (d) 
of this regulation,  may use a representative test period or conduct a survey based on 
factual data to arrive at a formula with which to calculate the percentage of payroll 
expense attributable to the City of Pittsburgh. Any formula so established will be subject 
to review and correction by the City of Pittsburgh. A thorough description explaining the 
formula shall be attached to the first return each year. The data supporting the formula 
shall be maintained for at least three (3) years as a part of offi ce records for audit and 
review purposes.  
f. Partners and Self -Employed individuals who have Taxable Distributions generated from 
intrastate sales or services partly within the City of Pittsburgh or partly outside the City 
of Pittsburgh shall report on the  Taxable Distributions  associated with sales or services 
rendered within the City of Pittsburgh. Where it is impractical to determine the exact 
Taxable Distributions , an apportionment formula may be used. Any formula so 
established will be subject to review a nd correction by the City of Pittsburgh Finance 
Department. The data supporting the formula must be maintained as a part of office 
records for audit and review purposes. A thorough description explaining the formula 
shall be attached to the first return ea ch year. The data supporting the formula shall be 
maintained for at least three  (3) years as a part of office records for audit and review 
purposes.  
g. Partners and Self -employed individuals who have Compensation from sources within 
and without Pennsylvania , may apportion their Compensation to the City using the 
formula used reporting personal income tax on Form PA -40, 61 Pa. Code § 109.5, by 
substituting the  word  “City” for the “Commonwealth”  where necessary.   In making that 
calculation, a ll intrastate sale s and services within Pennsylvania are deemed allocated 
to the City if the Partner ’s or Self -employed individual ’s sole office in Pennsylvania is -8-  located in the City.  
h. An employer which conducts business in the City of Pittsburgh on a temporary, seasonal 
or itinerant basis shall file a return and pay the tax within ten (10) days of the completion 
of the temporary, seasonal, or itinerant business.  
 
 
ARTICLE II  
IMPOSITION OF TAX  
SECTION 201 – LEVY AND RATE  
The tax levied pursuant to the City Code, Title II, Article VII, Chapter 258 is know n as the 
Payroll Tax. The rate of tax is fifty-five hundredths of a percent (.55% or .0055) of Payroll 
Expense generated as a result of an employer conducting business within the City of 
Pittsburgh .  Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(a) ; Local Tax Enabling Act. 53 P.S. § 
6924.311(12) . 
SECTION 202 – COMPUTATION OF TAX  
a. The Payroll Tax is a tax that is levied on Employers . This tax is separate and distinct 
from the earned income tax withheld from employees. Under no cir cumstance should 
the Payroll Tax be deducted from the employees’ compensation or benefits .  Local Tax 
Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(f).  
b. The payroll amount apportioned to the City shall be determined as set forth in Section 
102 of the Regulations.  
c. Tax Base – The tax shall be paid quarterly and the tax for each quarter shall be 
computed on the Payroll  Expense of the current quarter attributable to the City of 
Pittsburgh.   The Tax Base for Partners and Self -Employed individuals is Taxable 
Distribution s associated with each separate Business within the City.  
d. An employer which conducts Business in the City of Pittsburgh on a temporary, seasonal 
or itinerant basis shall calculate the tax on the total compensation earned while in the 
City of Pittsburgh.  
e. Discontinuing Business – Every person who ceases to carry on a Business during any 
tax quarter after having paid the Payroll Tax for the entire quarter shall, upon making 
proper application on a form obtained from the Treasurer, be entitled to receive a 
prorated refund of the tax paid based upon the period of time he was not in Business 
during the tax quarter. In the event that a person who discontinues Business during any 
tax quarter does so before payment of the tax becomes due for such tax quarter, said 
person may apportion the tax and pay an amount to be computed by multiplying the 
Payroll Expense for the preceding tax quarter by a fraction whose numerator shall be 
the number of days such person was in Business during the current tax quarter and 
whose deno minator shall be the total number of days in the current quarter. The final 
return shall be due ten (10) days after the discontinuation of Business.   Self-employed 
individuals and Partners are considered to have discontinued their Business only if all 
sepa rate Businesses of the individual are discontinued.  
f. A charitable organization, as defined above, shall calculate the tax that would otherwise 
be attributable to the City of Pittsburgh and file a return, but only shall pay the tax on -9-  that portion of its Payroll Expense attributable to business activity for which a tax may 
be imposed pursuant to Section 511 of the Internal Revenue Code. 26 U.S.C. § 511.  
That section imposes a federal tax on unrelated business taxable income of a charity 
that is exempt from  federal tax under Section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code.  26 
U.S.C. § 501(c).  If the charity has purchased or is operating branches, affiliates, 
subsidiaries or other business entities that do not independently meet the standards of 
the “Institutio ns of Purely Public Charity Act”, the tax shall be paid on the payroll 
attributable to such for -profit branches, affiliates or subsidiaries, whether or not the 
employees are leased or placed under the auspices of the charity’s umbrella or parent 
organizati on.  Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(a.1).   
g. By reason of the explicit language in the Local Tax Enabling Act , 53 P.S. § 
6924.303(a.1), Institutions of Purely Public Charity are n ot exempt from the Payroll Tax.   
However, Institutions of Purely Public Charity are exempt from Payroll Tax associated 
with activities that are related to the charit able purposes for which the Institution was 
formed.  For purposes of determining whether an activity is related to the cha ritable 
purposes for which the Institution was formed or unrelated under Section 511 of the 
Internal Revenue  Code, 26 U.S.C. § 511, the Treasurer will follow federal law in effect 
on January 1, 20 20. 
h. Any person, other than an Exempt Employer, that believes  that it is exempt from paying 
the Payroll Tax, because of a tax  exemption granted under federal, state , or local law 
shall file its  return , caption the return “ EXEMPT ,” and provid e a short citation to the legal 
basis for its exemption.    
 
  -10-  ARTICLE III  
EMPLOYER’S RESPONSIBILITY  
SECTION 301 – PAYROLL TAX LEVIED ON EMPLOYERS  
a. Every Employer not registered with the City of Pittsburgh shall, within fifteen ( 15) days, 
register with the Treasurer the Employer’s name, address and such other information 
as the Treasurer may require.  The first return for a new business is calculated on the 
Payroll  Expense for the portion of the quarter it was in  business.  
b. The Payroll Tax is a tax that is levied on Employers.  Under  no circumstance  may the 
Payroll Tax be deducted from the Employees’ wages.  
c. It may be necessary to include Form 1099’s issued to individuals in the  Employer’s 
calculations of the Payroll Tax.  See “Employee”  definition.  
d. It shall be the Employer’s responsib ility, upon request from the City of Pittsburgh, to 
provide a list of sub -contractors which includes their name, address, Federal Employer 
Identification Number ( EIN), contact person and their phone number.  
Historical Note  - For the Years 2005 -2015 the Payroll Tax for the First Quarter was 
due February 28 based on Payroll Expense In October, November and December of 
the prior calendar year.  
EFFECTIVE FOR 2016 AND THEREAFTER, THE PAYROLL TAX FOR THE FIRST 
QUARTER IS DUE ON MAY 31 BASED ON PAYROLL EXPENSE IN JANUARY, 
FEBRUARY, AND MARCH OF THAT YEAR.  
e. The Payroll Tax is to be paid as follows:  
The first quarterly return, which is due May 31 of the current year, shall be filed and the 
tax shall be paid based on the amount of Payroll  Expense during the months of January, 
February, and March of the current year; the second quarterly return, which is due 
August 31 of the current year, shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the 
amount of Payroll E xpense during the months of Ap ril, May, and June of the current 
year; the third quarterly return, which is due November 30 of the current year, shall be 
filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of Payroll E xpense during the 
months of July, August, and September of the curren t year; the fourth quarterly return, 
which is due February 28 of the succeeding year, shall be filed and the tax shall be paid 
based on the amount of Payroll Expense during the months of October, November, and 
December of the current year.  
f. Any Employer , who discontinues Business or ceases operation before December 31 of 
the current tax year, shall within 10 days after discontinuing Business or ceasing 
operation, if not already filed and paid, file the return hereinabove required and pay the 
tax to the Treas urer. 
g. If for any reason the tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of six percent  per 
annum (6%) on the amount of said tax and an additional penalty of one percent (1%) 
of the amount of the unpaid tax for each month or fraction thereof during which  the tax 
remains unpaid shall be added and collected.   Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 
6924.303(h).  
 
 -11-  ARTICLE IV 
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT  
SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER (DIRECTOR)  
a. It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to  collect and receive the taxes, fines, and penalties 
imposed by the City Code, Title II, Article VII, Chapter 258. It shall also be the duty of the 
Treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt.  
b. The Treasurer is charged with the administratio n and enforcement of the provisions of the 
City Code, and is empowered to prescribe, adopt, promulgate and enforce rules and 
regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the 
City Code, including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and 
returns, and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect, or as to which an overpayment 
is claimed or found to have occurred, and to prescribe forms necessary for the 
administration of the City Code.  
c. The T reasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer.  
 
SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF TAXPAYERS AND 
EMPLOYERS  
a. Agents designated by the Treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers 
and records of any  Employer or supposed employer, or of any Taxpayer or supposed 
taxpayer, in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return, or if no declaration 
or return was filed, to ascertain the tax due. Every Employer or supposed employer, and 
every Taxpayer or supposed taxpayer, is hereby directed and required to give to the 
Treasurer, or to any agent designated by him/her, the means, facilities and opportunity for 
such examinations and investigations, as are hereby authorized.   Local Tax Enabling Ac t, 
53 P.S. § 6924.315 ; Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(c).  
b. If records are not available in the City of Pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed 
or which should have been filed, the Taxpayer will be required to make them available to 
the Treasurer either by producing them in a City of Pittsburgh location or by paying for the 
expenses incurred by the Treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are 
regularly kept.  
c. Any information gained by the Treasurer, by designated agents, o r by any other official or 
agent of the City of Pittsburgh, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, 
hearings or verifications required or authorized by the City Code, shall be confidential 
except for official purposes and shall not be rel eased except in accordance with a proper 
judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law.   Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. 
§ 8437.  
d. A Taxpayer shall have at least thirty ( 30) calendar  days to respond to audit notices.  A 
Taxpayer may request a rea sonable extension of time in accordance with the Local 
Taxpayer Bill of Rights , 53 Pa.C.S. § 8424(a) . 
 
SECTION 403 – RECORDS TO BE KEPT BY THE TAXPAYER  
Taxpayers and Employers liable for the Payroll Tax are required to keep such records as will 
enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved 
for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date  whichever is later 
in order to enable the Treasurer or any agent designated by him to verify t he correctness of -12-  the declarations or returns filed.  
 
SECTION 404 – AUDITS  AND TIME FOR ASSESSMENTS  
A Taxpayer has thirty (30) calendar days to respond to audit notices.  If additional time is 
necessary, the Taxpayer may request a reasonable extension of t hat time upon a showing of 
good cause.  53 Pa.C.S. § 8424(a).  
If, as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect, 
the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the Payroll Tax. If no 
return has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed and 
collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the Taxpayer .  Deficiency 
assessments (i.e., where Taxpayer has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax) shall 
include taxes for up to three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed. If the 
deficiency exceeds twenty -five percent or more of the tax originally self -reported, but no fraud 
is found, suit must be begun within six  years.  Where no return was filed, or a fraudulent return 
was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of assessment.   Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. 
§ 6924.303(g).  
 
  -13-  ARTICLE V  
SUITS FOR TAX COLLECTIONS, VIOLATIONS,  FINES, INTEREST & PENALTIES  
SECTION 501 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE  
The remedies provided in Section 502 or Section 505 are not mutually exclusive. The 
utilization by the Treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other.  
Moreover, use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude 
the use by the City of Pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring 
about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of Chapter 258 of the Pittsburgh Code 
and these regu lations.  
Any voluntary payment made by a Taxpayer, unless otherwise specified in writing, shall be 
applied first to tax, then to interest, then to penalty, then to any other fees or charges.  Local 
Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. § 8429.  
 
SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES  
The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City of Pittsburgh, in law or in equity, for the recovery 
of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the Payroll Tax, to compel the 
production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the law.  
 
SECTION 503 - LIMITATIONS  
a. The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes.   Local Tax 
Enabling Act, 53 P.S.  § 6924.303(g).  
1. When a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to  recover the tax 
due and unpaid shall be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, 
whichever is later. Where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to file suit for 
the collection of taxes . 
2. In the case of a deficiency assessment , suit shall be filed within three (3) years 
after the assessment has been made.  
b. The limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the 
collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases:  
1. When n o return was filed, there is no limitation.  
2. When the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation.  
3. When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five (25%) or more, and 
not due to fraud, suit must be begun within six (6) years.  
4. A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date.  
 -14-  SECTION 504 – PENALTY AND INTEREST  
a. If for any reason the Payroll Tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of six (6%) 
percent per annum on the amount of tax and a penalty of one (1%) percent  per month for 
each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid 
shall be added to the  tax.  Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(h).  
b. Penalty and Interest on Deficiency Assessment.  
On any additional tax determi ned to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment, penalty 
and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of 
payment. Penalty and interest is calculated as described above in the applicable portion 
of Section 504(a) . 
c. Where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax, the person liable therefore shall, in  
addition, be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed. 
Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(h). Once due and owing, pe nalty and interest 
become part of the tax and shall be collected as such. A person’s belief that no tax is due 
and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making 
the returns required under the City Code is not a vali d defense to the imposition of 
penalties herein for violation.  
d. Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty  and interest.  Penalty and 
interest may be abated only in accordance with  the Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights, 53 
Pa.C.S. § 8428.    
 
SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE 
PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO, PITTSBURGH CODE  
 
a. Violations – No person shall:  
1. Fail, neglect, or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the 
City Code.  
2. Refuse to permit the Treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books, records 
or accounts of any business, taxable or otherwise, to determine liability.  
3. Make any incomplete, false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid 
full disclosure of the amount of tax d ue to avoid payment in whole or in part, of the 
Payroll Tax.  
4. Divulge information, which is confidential under Chapter 201.06 of the City Code.  
5. Fail to make any payment when it is due.  
b. Pursuant to the Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S.6924.303(i), in addition to any other 
penalties or enforcement proceedings provided for by ordinance for the collection and 
enforcement of taxes:  
1. Any employer who willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the employer’s 
return shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the second degree and shall, upon 
conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than two thousand dollars 
($2,000) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than two years, or both;    
2. Any employer who willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by this c hapter 
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the third degree and shall, upon conviction, be 
sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one thousand dollars ($1,000) or to a term -15-  of imprisonment of not more than one year, or both; and  
3. Any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer or his agent 
in person with the Employer’s books, records or accounts for examination when 
required under the provisions of Title Two of the City Code to do so, or who willfully 
refus es to permit inspection of the books, records or accounts of any Employer in 
the person’s custody or control when the right to make such inspection by the 
Treasurer or his agent is requested, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall, 
upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars 
($500) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months, or both.The fines 
and terms of imprisonment, imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any 
other relief granted to the C ity of Pittsburgh of a monetary nature under the 
provisions of this Article.   Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.303(i).  
4. Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense 
for which a fine may be imposed.  
 
 -16-  ARTICLE VI  
TAXPAYER REMEDIES  
 
SECTION 601 – TREASURER HEARINGS  
a. Any Taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall, within ninety 
(90) days after the date of notice of the assessment, request a Treasurer’s Hearing on a form 
obtained from the T reasurer for that purpose. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8431. The Treasurer may on 
his/her own initiative cite a Taxpayer for a hearing.  
b. Any Taxpayer who fails to request a Treasurer’s Hearing within a timely manner, 
waives the right to contest any element of the assessment, and that party’s failure to 
challenge the Treasurer’s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to 
the propriety of the assessment.  
c. The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum:  
1. The petitioner’s name, add ress, and daytime telephone number.  
2. The petitioner’s account and/or social security number.  
3. A copy of the assessment notice the party received from the Finance  
Department.  
4. A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner 
disagre es with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the petitioner’s 
claims.  
5. Petitioner’s signature.  
d. The completed petition should be mailed to:  
TREASURER HEARINGS  
TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH  
414 GRANT ST  
PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476  
e. Any Taxpayer may request a Treasurer’s Hearing so that his tax refund request 
can be reviewed.  
f. The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 
Pa.C.S. § 8428.  
g. The Treasurer will issue its decision within sixty ( 60) days of the rec eipt of the 
petitioner’s complete and accurate petition form.  
 
SECTION 602 – APPEALS  
Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Treasurer, following a hearing, shall have the right 
to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, in accordance with the 
Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights Act. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8434.  Any appeal must be commenced within thirty 
(30) days of the date of the notice of the Treasurer’s decision. If no such appeal is timely filed, 
the aggrieved party waives his/her right t o contest any element of the Treasurer’s adjudication, 
and that party’s failure to challenge the same will be construed as an admission by that party as 
to the propriety of the Treasurer’s decision. No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the 
accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid.  
 
 -17-  SECTION 603 – PAYMENT UNDER PROTEST  
The Treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals; 
however, any request for refund of such m onies must be filed in accordance with Section 604.  
 
SECTION 604 – REFUNDS  
a. A Taxpayer who has overpaid the Payroll Tax, or who believes he is not liable for the 
Payroll Tax may file a written request on an amended tax return (ET -1) with the 
Department of F inance for a refund or a credit of the tax. A request for refund or a credit 
shall be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one  year after 
actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. If no report is required, the request s hall be 
made within three (3) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one (1) 
year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later.   Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights, 
53 Pa.C.S. § 8425(a).  
b. For amounts paid as a result of a notice assert ing or informing a Taxpayer of an 
underpayment, a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department of Finance 
within one (1) year of the date of the payment.   Local Taxpayers Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. 
§ 8425(b)  
c. Erroneous Refund Recovery – The Treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous 
refund provided such suit is begun two (2) years after making such refund, except that 
the suit may be brought within five  (5) years if any part of the refund was induced by fra ud 
or misrepresentation of material fact.  
SECTION 605 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY  
In the appropriate circumstances, the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer 
further collection action, if the Taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the Treasurer. The 
Treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of 
the City. The Taxpayer must specifically request the installment payment plan from the 
Treasurer. For the required te rms of any installment plan See, Second Class City Treasurer’s 
Sale and Collection Act, 53 P.S. § 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. § 8436.  
If the Taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan, the Treasurer may 
demand immediate payment of tax, penalty, and interest.  
SECTION 60 6 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY  
If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these regulations, or 
the application of any provision to any circumstances,  to be illegal or unconstitutional, the other 
provisions in these regulations, or the application of such provision to other circumstances, shall 
remain in full force and effect.  
The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these regulations shal l be severable and that 
they would have been adopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions had not been 
included herein.  -18-  SECTION 60 7 – TAXPAYER DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  
A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the addre ss below or 
downloaded at http://apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf   
 
TREASURER, CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
AUDIT SECTION  
414 GRANT ST RM 206  
PITTSBURGH  PA 15219 -2476  

================================================================================

Text from 9622_Amusement_Tax_Regulations.pdf:
 
CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
AMUSEMENT TAX 
REGULATIONS 
Issue d Pursua nt to the 
City of Pittsburgh 
City Code, Title II 
Article VII, Chapter 241 
Revised – Janu ary 2020
2  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
ARTICLE I  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............................  4 
GENERAL PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  4 
SECTION  102 – AMUSEMENT  TAX PERMIT  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 7 
SECT ION 103 – PERMIT  APPLICATION,  ISSUANCE  AND  USE ................................ ................................ .............  9 
ARTICLE  II COMPUTATION  OF TAX ................................ ................................ ................................ .....................  10 
SECTION  201 – GENERAL  REQUIREMENTS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 10 
SECTION  202 – WHO  MUST  FILE A RETURN  – REGISTRATION  ................................ ................................ .......  11 
SECTION  203 – RATE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...... 11 
e. ROOF  GARDENS,  NIGHT  CLUBS , CABARETS, BARS, BREWERIES, RESTAURANTS  ................................ .... 12 
$8.00  admission  charge  X 5% = $ .40 Amusement  Tax. ................................ ................................ .................  12 
f. TAX ON FREE  OR REDUCED  ADMISSION  ................................ ................................ ................................  12 
g. TAX ON LEASES  OR PERMANENT  USES  ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 13 
ARTICLE  III ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........................  14 
COLLECTION AT SOURCE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .... 14 
SECTION  301 – COLLECTION  AND  PAYMENT  OF TAX ................................ ................................ .....................  14 
EXAMPLE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  15 
EXAMPLE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  15 
SECTION  302 – RECORDS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  15 
SECTION  303 - TICKET  LABELING  ................................ ................................ ................................ ....................  16 
SECTION  304 – AMUSEMENT  TAX QUESTIONS  AND  ANSWERS  ................................ ................................ ..... 16 
ARTICLE  IV ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........................  18 
ADMINISTRATION  AND  ENFORCEMENT  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  18 
SECTION  401 – POWERS  AND  DUTIES  OF TREASURER  (DIRECTOR)  ................................ ...............................  18 
SECTION  402 – EXAMINATION  OF BOOKS  AND  RECORDS  OF PRODUCERS  ................................ ...................  18 
SECTION  403 – RECORDS  TO BE KEPT  BY THE PRODUCER  ................................ ................................ .............  18 
SECTION  404 – AUDITS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 19 
ARTICLE  V ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........................  20 
SECTION  501 – REMEDIES  NOT MUTUALLY  EXCLUSIVE  ................................ ................................ .................  20 
SECTION  502 – SUITS  FOR RECOVERY  OF UNPAID  TAXES  ................................ ................................ ..............  20 
SECTION  503 - LIMITATIONS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........................  20 
SECTION  504 – PENALTY  AND  INTEREST  ................................ ................................ ................................ ........  21 
SECTION  505 – FINES  AND  PENALTIES  FOR VIOLATION  OF APPLICABLE  PROVISIONS  OF TITLE  TWO,  
PITTSBURGH  CODE  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  21 
SECTION  506 – PERSONAL LIABILITY OF RESPONSIBLE PERSONS  ................................ ................................ .. 22 
ARTICLE VI PRODUCER, TAXPAYER, AND RESPONSIBLE PERSON REMEDIES  ................................ .....................  23 
SECTION  601 – TREASURE R (DIRECTOR)  HEARINGS  ................................ ................................ .......................  23 3  SECTION  602 – APPEALS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ . 24 
SECTION  603 – PAYMENT  UNDER  PROTEST  ................................ ................................ ................................ ... 24 
SECTION  604 – REFUNDS  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............................  24 
SECTION  605 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY  ................................ ..........................  25 
ARTICLE  VII: ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ........................  26 
SAVINGS  AND SEVERABILITY A ND DISCLOSURES  ................................ ................................ ..............................  26 
SECTION 701 – SAVINGS  CLAUSE  AND  SEVERABILITY . ................................ ........................  26 
 
 
  4   
 
AMUSEMENT  TAX 
REGULATIONS  
 
ARTICLE I  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 
SECTION  101 – DEFINITIONS  
 
AMUSEMENT  – all manner  and forms  of diversion , sport, pastime,  and entert ainment,  
including,  but not limited  to, concerts,  show s, theatres, piers, exhibitions, movies, 
vaudeville, cir cus, carnival  and side shows;  all forms  of entertainment  at fair grounds  and 
amusement  parks;  race tracks, contests or feats of talent or skill, athletic  contests including 
wrestling  matches,  boxing  and sparring  exhibitions,  football,  basketball  and baseball  games, 
skating, golfing, tennis, ho ckey,  bathing,  swimming,  archery,  shooting,  riding,  dancing  and 
all other  forms  of diversion,  sport,  recreation  or pastime;  shows,  exhibitions,  contests,  
displays  and games,  and all other  methods  of obtaining  admission  charges,  donations,  
contributions  or monetary  charges  of any character,  from the general  public  or a limited  or 
selected  number  thereof,  directly  or indirectly,  in return  for other  than tangible  property,  or 
specific  personal  professional  services .  The term amusement includes admission fees paid 
to access places of entertainment, exhibition, or amusement or to a sporting event or show.  
The term amusement specifically includes trade shows, exhibitions, builder or homes shows, 
equipment shows, craft shows, and tasting events.  The term amusement does n ot include 
any Exempt Amusement or any amusement located outside the City limits.   In the case of an 
amusement  that is mobile  or located outdoors, an amusement is located in the City limits if 
the event either begins or ends within the City limits.    
 
By way of example, but not intended as comprehensive definition of amusement, a  
restaurant, bar, taver n, pub, lounge, motel, or hotel is not a place of amusement if it merely 
offers incidental recorded music or TV broadcasts to patrons.   A restaurant, bar, tavern, pub, 
lounge, motel, or hotel is a place of amusement if it offers entertainment such as music , 
dance, performing arts, sing -alongs, or comedy  routines , or restricted sporting events not 
available on broadcast TV, such as  title boxing  matches , to patrons.  
 
ESTABLISHED  PRICE  - regular  monetary  charge  of any character,  including  donations  
and contributions,  fixed  and exacted  or in any manner  received  by Producers , as herein  
defined,  from the general  public  or a limited  or selected  number  thereof,  directly  or 
indirectly,  for the privilege  of attending  or engaging  in any amusement,  provided that;  
 
1. When  amusement  is conducted  in any roof garden,  night  club,  cabaret , bar, brewery, 
restaurant  or other  place  where  the charge  for admission,  wholly  or in part, is 
included  in the price  paid for refreshment,  service  or merchandise,  the amount  paid 
for admission  to the amusement  shall be deemed  to be ten (10%)  percent  of the 
amount  paid for refreshment,  service  and merchandise;  
 
2. When  amusement  is conducted  at a social  club or fraternal  organization  which  also 
furnishes  entertainment  for which  a separate  charge  is not made,  the established  
price  shall be fifty (50%)  percent of the gross receipts;  
 5  3. Where  admission  to any amusement  sponsored by an Institution of Purely Public 
Charity is obtained , solely  or partly  by donation,  contribution  and other  charge , if 
member s of the general public are admitted  and the amusement is not an Exempt 
Amusement , the established price for amusement for purposes of the tax shall  be 
twenty -five (25%)  percent  of the total donation,  contribution  and other  monetary  
charge.   
 
4. Separately stated c harges for the renta l of tangible personal property, where such 
charges reflect market pricing for such rentals, such as the rental of sports equipment 
by a Producer offering recreation, are not part of the Established Price  and are not 
subject to Amusement Tax .  If the Producer collects sales tax from the patron for the 
rental, such will establish that the rental price reflects market pricing.  
 
EXEMPT AMUSEMENTS  
 
1. The term amusement  shall not include  private  affairs  sponsored  by nonprofit  
organizations  for members  and their guests  at which  the admission  charges  or 
contribution  approximate  the expenses and the net proceeds , net of reasonable 
expenses, inure exclusively to  benefit the nonprofit organization.  However, if members 
of the gener al public are invited to the private affair, the event is not an Exempt 
Amusement , unless the event qualifies as an Exempt Performing Arts Production .  See 
Section 201(c).   
 
2. The term amusement shall not include an Exempt  Performing Arts Production . 
 
3. The term amusement shall not include admissions to places of amusement where the 
primary  purpose of the admission or event is to provide scientific, historical, or 
educational material to the patron  so long as no material entertainment or recreation 
is provided .  Admission charges to lectures of a scientific, historical or educational 
nature, such as continuing education courses, when such lectures are produced or 
conducted by nonprofit  associations or clubs are not subject to the tax .  However, 
admissio n fees to places that provide food or drink, including alcoholic beverages, but 
do not otherwise provide entertainment or recreation, are not Exempt  Amusements  if 
the primary purpose of the event is to market  or showcase  one or more  commercial 
product s, even if ancillary historical, scientific or educational material also is provided 
to the patron.   Admission fees to tasting events that offer food or drink, but do not offer 
entertainment or recreation, are Exempt Amusements if the Producer collect s sales or  
drink taxes from the patron  based on the admission charge or contribution.     
 
4. The term amusement shall not include any admission fee or charge paid for the sale 
of admission to or for the privilege of admission to a bowling alley or bowling lane  to 
engag e in one or more games of bowling .  The term amusement shall not include real 
property rented for camping purposes.  The term amusements shall not include 
membership dues, fees or assessments paid by patrons to engage in activities, the 
predominant purpose  or nature of which is exercise, fitness, health maintenance, 
improvement or rehabilitation, heath or nutriti on education, or weight control.  
However, the patron must participate in this health related activity to qualify for the 
exemption.   The term amusements shall not include membership dues, fees or 
assessments of charitable, religious, beneficial or nonprofit organizations paid by 
patrons, such as sportsmen, recreational, golf or tennis clubs.   Local Tax Enabling 
Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.301. 1(f). 6   
5. The term amusement shall not include any activity that the City is prohibited from taxing 
by reason of the U S Constitution, federal law, or laws of the Commonwealth.  Should 
any Producer claim that any amusement is exempt from the tax under this su bsection, 
the Producer shall note the exemption on its filed return and provide a reference to the 
governing  law. 
 
EXEMPT PERFORMING ARTS PRODUCTION  – a Performing Arts event  where the 
Producer is an Institution of Purely Public Charity and the proceeds, n et of reasonable 
expense s, inure exclusively to  the Institu tions of Purely Public Charity .  This exemption began  
in 2008.  This exemption may expire, if the Nonresident Sports Faci lity Usage Fee, imposed 
under Title Two, Article X, Chapter 271 of the Code  and the Local  Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. 
§ 6924.304, is determined to be invalid or not possible to be collected.  If the Usage Fee were 
determined to be invalid  or not possible to be collected , the tax rate on Exempt Performing 
Arts Productions  shall be the same rate as imposed on other amusements, but shall not 
exceed five percent.  Second Class County Code, 16 P.S. § 6171 -B(a)(3.1) .  Producers 
should consult the City Finance website to determine if the tax rate on Exempt Performing 
Arts Productions  has changed.   
 
INSTITUTION  OF PURELY  PUBLIC  CHARITY  – an organization  that qualifies  for tax 
exemption  pursuant  to “Institutions of Purely Public Charity Ac t”.  10 P.S. § 371.  Generally, 
the charity must show that it has a Pennsy lvania sales tax exemption to qualify as an 
Institution of Purely Public charity.  10 P.S. § 376(a).  
  
PATRON – anyone participating in the privilege  of engaging  in an amusement.  (Ord.  15-
1979,  eff. 5-29-79) 
 
PERFORMING  ARTS  – Artistic  performances  of live concerts,  dance,  ballet,  opera,  
traditional  forms  of drama,  including  both comedy  and tragedy,  repertoire  works  and 
dramatic  recitation  of recognized  works  of literary  art of the kind and in the nature  
normally  associated  with traditional  and contemporary American The ater.  Movies and re- 
broadcast events are not considered Performing Arts because the event is not live.  
 
PERSON  - A corporation,  partnership,  business  trust,  association,  estate,  trust,  foundation  
or natural  person.  Whenever  used  in any provision  prescribing  a fine or penalty  the word  
“person”  as applied  to partnerships,  shall mean  the partners  thereof,  and as applied  to 
corporations  and unincorporated  associations,  shall mean  the officers  thereof.  
 
PLACE  OF AMUSEMENT  – any place  indoors  or outdoors  within  the City where  the 
general  public  or a limited  or selected  number  thereof  may,  upon  payment  of an established  
price,  attend  or engage  in any amusement  as herein  defined,  including  among  others,  
theaters,  opera  houses,  moving  picture  houses,  amusement  parks,  skating  rinks,  circus  or 
carnival  tents  or grounds,  fairgrounds,  social  sporting,  athletic  riding,  gun and country  
clubs,  golf courses  bathing  and swimming  places,  dance  halls,  tennis  courts,  rifle or shotgun  
ranges,  roof gardens,  cabarets,  night  clubs , bars, breweries, restaurants  and other  like 
places. (Ord. 11 -1980, eff. 7 -25-80). 
 
To be an amusement, the amusement must be offered to patrons at a place of amusement.  
The location does not have to be owned or licensed to the Producer to be a place of 
amusement.  The common phrases used to describe an amusement and a place of 7  amusement change over time, but that change in common parlance does not affect the 
taxability of the amusement .  Specifically included within the term  of “places of amusement” 
are: cabarets, night clubs, roof gardens, lounges, entertainment stages, music or dancing 
halls, ball rooms, or other locations offering food or beverages or merchandise along with 
entertainment or recreation, as well as other loc ations that were taxable under Section 4231 
of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (ignoring any exemptions or exclusions offered 
under that federal statute) as it was in effect immediately prior to its repeal by Public Law 89 -
44 in 1965 . 
 
PRODUCER  – any person  conducting  any place  of amusement,  as herein  defined,  
where  the general  public  or a limited  or selected  number  thereof,  may,  upon  the payment  of 
an established  price, attend  or engage  in any amusement.  
 
RESPONSIBLE PERSON  – any natural person : (i) who has check signing authority or control 
over financial accounts of the Producer ; (ii) who has powers or job duties that include the 
collection or remittance of the Amusement Tax ; (iii) who has the power to make decisions 
regarding which, when, and in wh at order outstanding debts and taxes will be paid; and (iv) 
who willfully fails to remit the proper Amusement Tax to the City .  Any such person who 
decides that the Producer will pay another  party  ahead of the City , while the Amusement Tax 
has not be en tim ely remitted, is presumed to have acted willfully .  Any such person who has 
a nominal title of officer or director or manager or member, but is actually a passive investor 
or official having no involvement in the management of the Producer shall not be a 
Responsible Person.  Generally officers  or managers  of an incorporated Producer or 
managers, directors, officers, or sole owners of an unincorporated Producer are potential ly 
Responsible Persons.  Any Responsible Person shall have the right to appeal an ass essment 
under Article VI.  
 
TAXPAYER – Because the tax is imposed on the patron , the patron  is the taxpayer.  The 
Producer is merely the collection agent for the City.  
 
TEMPORARY  AMUSEMENT  – any amusement  that is conducted  in the City for a 
period of time not exceeding thirty (30) days.  (Ord.15 -1979,  eff. 5-29-79) 
 
TREASURER  – references  to the Treasurer  in these  regulations  refer to the Director  of 
Finance or the Department of Finance.  The Director  holds  principal  responsibility for tax  
administration  in the City of Pittsburgh.  The Deputy  Director  of Finance  or the Department  
of Finance  serves  as City Treasurer.  
 
SECTION  102 – AMUSEMENT  TAX PERMIT  
 
1. Per City Code  Title Seven,  Article  IX, Chapter  771, in addition  to the collection and 
payment  of the Amusement  Tax, every  Producer  must  secure  an Amusement  
Tax Permit  from the License Officer  prior to the event.  The fee varies  according  to 
the location  and type of event  being  held.  No Producer  shall begin  or continue  to 
conduct  any form of amusement  at any permanent  or temporary  place  of amusement,  
or any itinerant  form of amusement  within  the City, unless  an amusement  permit  has 
been  issued,  the fees paid therefore  as prescribed  by law and the tax herein  imposed  
paid in accordance  with law. 
 
2. MORE  THAN  ONE  (1) BUSINESS  LOCATION  – if the applicant  has or intends  to 
have  more  than one (1) place  of amusement  within  the City, the application  must  8  indicate  the location  of each  place  of amusement  and, in the case  of an itinerant  
form of amusement,  the date and length  of time the amusement  is to be conducted  
at each  place.  
 
TEMPORARY  PLACE  OF AMUSEMENT  – in the case  of an application  for a permit  for a 
temporary  place  of amusement,  the application  shall state  the name  and address  of the 
owner,  lessee  or custodian  of the premises  upon  which  such  amusement  is to be 
conducted.  
 
ASSOCIATIONS  OR CORPORATIONS  – if the applicant  is an association  or a corporation  
the names  and addresses  of the principal  officers  thereof  and any other  information  
prescribed  by the Treasurer  for purposes of identification  shall be stated.  
 
SIGNATURES  REQUIRED  – the application  shall be signed  and verified  by oath or 
affirmation  by the Producer  if a natural  person,  and in the case  of an association  by a 
member  or partner  thereof,  and in the case  of a corporation  by an executive  officer  
thereof,  or some  natural  person  specifically  authorized  by the corporation  to sign the 
application,  to which  shall be attached  the written  evidence  of his or her authority.  
 
ISSUANCE  AND  USE – upon  approval  of the application  and payment  of the fees 
required  by law, the Treasurer  shall issue  to each  applicant  an amusement  permit  for each  
place  of amusement  within  the City set forth in his or her application.  Amusement  permits  
shall not be assignable,  shall be valid only for the persons  in whose  names  issued and 
for the conduct of amusements at  the places  designated  therein,  and shall at all times  be 
conspicuously  displayed  at the places  for which  issued.  
 
PERMIT  SUSPENSION  – the Treasurer  may suspend  or after hearing  revoke  an amusement  
permit  whenever  he or she finds  the permittee  has failed  to comply  with any of the provisions  
of Title Two, Art icle VII, Chapter  241 of the Code . Upon  suspending  or revoking  any 
amusement  permit  the Treasurer  shall request  that the permittee  surrender  to him or her 
immediately  all permits  and duplicates  thereof  issued  to him or her. The permittee  shall 
surrender  promptly  all permits  to the Treasurer  as requested.  Whenever  the Treasurer  
suspends  an amusement permit, he or she shall notify  the permittee  immediately  and afford 
him or  her a hearing  if desired.  After  the hearing  and for good  cause,  the Treasurer  may 
either  rescind  or continue  the order  of suspension  and revoke  the permit.  
 9  SECTION  103 – PERMIT  APPLICATION,  ISSUANCE  AND  USE 
 
1. APPLICATIONS  – every  Producer  desiring  to begin  or continue  to conduct  any 
amusement  within  the City shall file an application  for a permanent,  temporary  or 
itinerant amusement permit  with the Bureau  of Building  Inspection.  
 
2. FORMAT  – every  application  for a permit  shall be made  upon  a form prescribed,  
prepared  and furnished  by the City, and shall set forth the name  under  which  the 
applicant  conducts  or intends  to conduct  a permanent  or temporary  place  of 
amusement.  
 
PERMIT  APPLICATION  – applications  must  be filed at least  thirty ( 30) days  prior to any 
activity  with necessary  information  in order  to ensure  timely  issuance.  Anyone  who conducts  
a place  of amusement  or is a Producer  of amusements  shall obtain  a license  from the 
Bureau of Building Inspections at:  
Bureau  of Building  Inspection  - City Licensing  and Permits  Office  200 Ross  St Room  320 – 
Pittsburgh  PA 15219  
412-255-2175    www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/bbi  
 10  ARTICLE  II 
COMPUTATION  OF 
TAX 
 
SECTION  201 – GENERAL  REQUIREMENTS  
 
a. The Amusement  Tax is imposed  upon  the patron  of any amusement  for the privilege  
of attending  or engaging  in any amusement  at a rate of five (5%)  percent  of 
admission  fees (Pittsburgh  Code  § 241.04).  The tax rate on amusements shall not 
exceed the rate allowed under the Second Class Code, 16 P.S. § 6171 -B(a)(3). 
 
b. The Amusement activities  taxed  include  all forms  of entertainment  – such  as 
sports  events, music concerts and movies – and recreational  activities  – such  as 
tennis,  golf, and swimming.  However, Exempt Amusements shall not be subject to 
tax. 
 
c. Special  rules  apply  to events  or affairs  sponsored  by nonprofit  organizations  when 
members of the general public are admitted . Where  admission  is obtained  to any 
amusement  solely  or partly  by a donation,  contribution  and other  monetary  charge , 
the established  price  for amusement  for purposes  of the tax shall be twenty -five 
(25%)  percent  of the total donation,  contribution  and other  monetary  charge.   Events 
or affairs sponsored by nonprofit  organizations only for members and their guests  at 
which the admission charges or contribution approximate the expenses and the net 
proceeds benefit the nonprofit  organization  are Exempt Amusements . Exempt 
Performing Arts Productions  shall not be subject to the Amusement Tax, except as 
otherwise provide d. 
 
d. While  the tax is imposed  on the admission  fee charged  to patrons,  the Producers  of 
the activity  are responsible  for collecting  the tax, filing the tax returns  and remitting  
the tax to the City of Pittsburgh.  To this end, Producers  shall file monthly  reports  with 
the City Treasurer  on or before  the fifteenth  day of the following month,  reporting  the 
preceding  month  on forms  provided  by the Treasurer (Pittsburgh Cod e 241.05).  If 
any Producer  neglects  or fails to comply  a penalty  of five (5) percent  of the amount  
of tax will be added  to the liability  each  month.  The interest  rate for late payments  
will be one (1%)  per month  (Pittsburgh  Code  241.05).  
 
e. Producers  of temporary  places  of amusement  shall file reports  after each  
performance  (Pittsburgh  Code  241.05(e).  An amusement  permit  is required  prior 
to beginning  or conducting  any form of amusement  at any place,  temporary  or 
permanent.  
 11  SECTION  202 – WHO  MUST  FILE  A RETURN  – REGISTRATION  
 
a. The City Code,  Title Two,  Article  VII, Chapter  241 imposes  a tax on the admissions  
to any place  of amusement.  The Producer  is responsible  to collect  the amusement  
tax and remit  it to the City of Pittsburgh.  
 
b. Every  Producer  of amusement  that begins  or intends  to begin  a place  of 
amusement,  shall file with the Treasurer,  before  commencing  the place  of 
amusement  a completed  registration  form prescribed  by the Treasurer  and shall 
set forth therein  its name,  address,  business  location,  the amusement,  a record  of 
tickets, leases, and contracts that are to  be used  and a specimen  copy  of each  and 
any other information as may  be required  by the Treasurer.  
 
c. Performing  Arts Registration  – if a Producer  is claiming  to be a Performing  Art for 
which  the net proceeds  therefrom  inure  exclusively  to the benefit  of an Institution  of 
Purely  Public  Charity  it shall complete  a Performing  Arts Registration  Form  and 
attach  all required  information.  (See  definition  of Performing  Arts and Section  
203(c), Rate for Certain  Performing  Arts before  completing  the registration).  
 
SECTION  203 – RATE  
 
a. The Amusement  Tax is a patron  tax on the established  price  of an admissions  
charge  for any type of event  that offers  entertainment  or allows  the patron  to 
engage  in an amusement.  
 
b. GENERAL  RATE  – a tax is imposed  by Chapter  241 upon  the patron  of any 
amusement  for the privilege  of attending  or engaging  in any amusement  at the rate 
of five (5%)  percent  of the established  price  charged  the general  public  or a limited  
or selected  group  thereof,  by any Producer  for the privilege,  which  shall be paid by 
the person acquiring the privilege for any given calendar year.  
 
c. RATE  FOR  EXEMPT  PERFORMING  ARTS  PRODUCTIONS  – The rate of tax that 
must be collected on Exempt Performing Arts Productions  is zero.  If it is ever 
determined  that the City of Pittsburgh  cannot  impose  and collect  a Non-Resident  
Sports  Facility  Usage  Fee pursuant  to the Local  Tax Enabling  Act, the City of 
Pittsburgh  will not establish  a rate that exceeds  five per centum  (5%).  Refer  to the 
Tax Rate  by Tax Type  on the web site at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance .  
Second Class Code, 16 P.S. § 6171 -B(a)(3) . 
 
TAX COMPUTATIONS  FOR  FREE  ADMISSIONS  – if persons are admitted free to  
any place  of amusement  at a time and under  circumstances  for which  an 
established  price  is charged  to other  persons,  the tax imposed  herein  shall be 
computed  on the established  price  charged  to other  persons  for the same  or 
similar  accommodations,  to be paid by the person  so admitted.  If persons  are 
admitted  at a reduced  rate, the tax imposed  shall be computed  on the reduced  rate 
paid.    However,  children  under  twelve  (12) years  of age, disabled  veterans  and 
members  of the armed  services  when  on active  duty and in uniform,  who are 
admitted  free of charge  to any place  of amusement,  shall not be required  to pay 
the tax imposed  by this Chapter.  
 
d. TAX ON BOXES  OR OTHER  SEATING  – for persons  having  the permanent  use 
or lease  of boxes  or seats  in any place  of amusement,  the tax imposed  shall be 
computed  on the price  or rental  charged  for boxes  or seats  in the place  of 12  amusement, the tax  to be paid by the holder or lessee.  (Am. Ord. 33 -1994, eff. 1 -1- 
95) 
 
e. ROOF  GARDENS,  NIGHT  CLUBS , CABARETS , BARS, BREWERIES, 
RESTAURANTS  
 
1. Where  any amusement  (entertainment)  is conducted  at a place  where  food 
and drink  are served  and there  is no fixed  charge  for admission,  the 
Amusement  Tax will be based  on 10% of the total amount  paid for food and 
drink.  For example,  if a check  for food and drink  by a party  of four amounts  
to $80.00,  the admission  charge  is 10% of  the total check,  or $8.00.  
$8.00  admission  charge  X 5% = $ .40 Amusement  Tax. 
 
2. If a cover  is required,  such  charge  shall be considered  as the regular  
established  price  paid for admission  and is taxable  as such.  If a total bill 
exceeds the cover charge, the total charge is taxable if it in fact represents  a 
charge  for admission.  If the same  charge  is made  to the person using or 
furnishing his own property  or equipment  as where  property  or equipment is 
furnished by the management, such charge is an amount  paid for admission  
and subject  to tax. If a lesser  charge  is made  to persons who  do not desire  to 
use the property  or services  offered,  the lesser  charge  represents the 
admission  charge.  
 
3. Donations  and contributions  are taxable  as admission  charges  when  the 
amount  of the donation  and contributions  are stated  and when  such  
donations  or contributions  entitle  the donor  or contributors  to attend  or engage  
in an amusement.  
 
f. TAX ON FREE  OR REDUCED  ADMISSION  
 
1. A bona  fide employee  of the management  of the theatre  or other  places,  is 
not liable  for the tax if admitted  free, but if admitted  at a reduced  rate, is 
liable  for the tax on the reduced  price.   Bona  fide employees  are: 
 
(a) Those  persons,  including  directors  and officers,  regularly  employed  
by the proprietor  of the place  or attraction  or regularly  engaged  in 
work  or business  transacted  there,  whether  their duties  require  
admission  to the place  or not, and whether  on duty at the time admitted 
or not.  
(b) Other  persons  whose  admission  to the place  is required  for the 
performance  of some  duty to, or work for, the proprietor.  
 
2. Newspaper  reporters,  photographers,  radio  announcers,  inspectors  and 
persons  of similar  vocation  who are admitted  free to any place  for the 
performance  of special  duties  in connection  with an event  and whose  special  
duties  are the sole reason  for their presence  and given  free admission,  are 
not liable  for any tax on admission.  Free admissions  granted  to such  persons  
who are not admitted  solely  for the purpose  of performing their  special  duties  
in connection  with the event  are subject  to the tax equivalent  to the tax 
on the admission  charge  paid by other  persons  for the same or similar  
accommodations.  
 13  3. The tax imposed  upon  such  free or reduced  admissions  shall be paid and 
collected  at the time such  persons  are admitted.  In the event  that tickets  or 
cards  of admission  to the particular  performance  are not issued  but 
admission  is secured  by the presentation  of a life, annual,  season,  weekly,  
or daily pass,  the Producer  shall keep  a record  of such  admission  and the 
date upon  which  such  privilege  was exercised.  
 
g. TAX ON LEASES  OR PERMANENT  USES  
 
1. Where  a person  has a permanent  use or lease  for the use of a box or seat 
in any place  of amusement,  the tax is computed  upon  the amount  actually  
paid for such  use or lease.  
 
2. The tax imposed  upon  leases  for the permanent  use of boxes  or seats  shall 
be collected  at the time such  lease  is entered  into, such  tax to be paid by 
the lessee  or holder.  
 
3. In the case  of subscription  tickets  the tax is levied  on the value  of the ticket  
acquired  and not on any contribution  made  by the purchaser.  
 14  ARTICLE  III 
COLLECTION AT SOURCE  
 
SECTION  301 – COLLECTION  AND  PAYMENT  OF TAX 
 
a. PRODUCERS  – Producers  shall collect  the tax imposed  herein  and shall be 
liable  to the City’s  agents  thereof  for the payment  of the same  to the City. If, 
however,  any Producer  fails to make  any report  or payment  as herein  required,  
an additional  five (5%)  percent  of the amount  of the tax shall be added  by the 
Treasurer  and collected  as a penalty  for each  month  or fraction  thereof  during  
which  the tax remains  unpaid,  together  with interest  at the rate set forth in 
Chapter  209 of the Pittsburgh  Code. (Ord. 38 -1991, eff 11 -25-91). 
 
b. TEMPORARY  AMUSEMENTS  – where  permits  are obtained  for conducting  
temporary  amusements  by persons  who are not the owners,  lessees  or 
custodians  of the places  where  the amusements  are to be conducted,  or where  
the temporary  amusement  is permitted  by the owner,  lessee  or custodian  of any 
place  to be conducted  without  obtaining  permits  required  herein,  the tax imposed  
shall be paid by the owner,  lessee  or custodian  of the place  where  the temporary  
amusement  is conducted,  unless  paid by the Producer  conducting  the amusement  
 
c. SEASON  TICKETS  – where  patrons  have  the use of boxes  or seats  pursuant  to 
section  241.04(c)  of the Pittsburgh  Code  and are required  to pay the entire  
season  price  at the time the seating  is acquired,  the Producer  shall collect  the tax 
imposed  herein  and remit  it at the time the reservation  of the seating  is made  by 
the patron,  that is, in advance  of the season’s  amusement.  
 
d. MONTHLY  REPORT  – every  Producer , except  as hereinafter  provided,  conducting  
a place  of amusement,  on or before  the fifteenth  day of each  month,  shall transmit  
on a form prescribed  by the Treasurer,  a report  under  oath or affirmation  of 
the amount  of tax collected  during  the preceding  month.  (Ord.  38- 1991, eff.11 -
25-91) 
 
e. PERFORMANCE  REPORT  – every  Producer  conducting  a temporary  place  of 
amusement  or itinerant  form of amusement  shall file a report  promptly  after each  
performance  with the Treasurer  or his/her  duly authorized  agent.  The conclusion  of 
a performance  is construed  to mean  the time when  the box office  sales  are 
concluded.  
 
f. TAX DUE  DATE  – the amount  of all taxes  imposed  under  the provisions  of the 
Chapter  241 shall for places  of permanent  amusement  be payable  on the fifteenth  
day of the next succeeding  month,  and shall for temporary  or itinerant  forms  of 
amusement  be due and payable  on the day such  reports  are required  to be made 
under this section. (Ord.  38-1991,  eff. 11-25-91).  
 
g. When  the City of Pittsburgh’s  Amusement  Tax is included  in the total collections 
from patrons , the formula  for the Amusement  Tax is: 
 
A = Amusement  Tax 15   
A = .05 tax rate 
1.00 admission  charge  + .05 tax rate 
 
A = .05 tax rate 
1.05 admission  charge  + tax rate 
 
A = .04762  
 
 
The Amusement Tax is deemed included in the Established Price charged the patron if the 
Producer does not  separately state the Amusement Tax on any ticket or receipt as required 
by Section 303 , or if no receipt or ticket is issued to the patron.    
 
EXAMPLE  
A = .05 tax rate      X $20.00  Total  
1.00 admission  charge  + .05 tax rate 
 
A = .05 tax rate      X $20.00  Total  
1.05 admission  charge  + tax rate 
 
A = .04762  X $20.00  Total  
 
A = $ .95  
 
EXAMPLE  
Total  admission  charge  is $20.00  x .04762  = $ .95 tax or 
$19.05  – Admission  Charge  
$ .95 tax = 5% of admission  charge  before  taxes  
$20.00  – Total  (Admission  Charge  + Amusement  Tax) 
 
SECTION  302 – RECORDS  
 
In general  each  place  of amusement  must  maintain  complete  and accurate  records  of all 
transactions,  the total amount  of consideration  received  from all transactions  and the total 
amount  of tax collected  on the basis  of such  considerations.  Records  to be kept must  
consist  of, but are not limited  to a monthly  summary  showing  the starting  and ending  
ticket  numbers  for each  series,  the number  of tickets  sold at each  representative  price  and 
the amount  of tax collected.  
 
Where  an amusement  is included  in the price  of food and drink  the place  of amusement  
shall total the amount  of sales,  on the cash  register,  prior to the amusement.  The place  of 
amusement  shall begin  a new cash  register  tape that will end when  the place  of 
amusement  ends.  If the place  of amusement  does  not do this it will pay on the 24 hour 
period  of the day that the amusement  occurred.  Once  the total sales  have  been  
calculated  from the place  of amusement,  the admission  charge  equals  the amount  paid for 
food and drink  times  ten percent.  The imputed  Amusement  Tax equals  the admission  
charge  times  five percent.  
 16  The amount paid for food and drink  x 10% = THE ADMISSION  CHARGE  
 
The admission  charge  x 5% = THE IMPUTED  AMUSEMENT  TAX 
 
Records  to be kept shall include  part of each  serial  numbered  ticket  used  at each  place  of 
amusement  issued  to each  patron  and copies  of all leases  or contracts  or agreements  
supporting  the transactions  for permanent  use of boxes  or seats  in any place  of 
amusement.  
 
SECTION  303 - TICKET  LABELING  
 
a. DELINEATING  THE AMUSEMENT  TAX – for each  admission  subject  to the 
collection  of a tax pursuant  to the provisions  of Chapter  241, the Producer  shall 
cause  to be printed  clearly  on the face of any ticket,  receipt  or any other  token  
purchased  by a patron  for the purpose  of admission  to an amusement  the following  
information:  
 
1. The established  price  of admission;  
2. The amount  of amusement  tax due on line 1; and 
3. The sum of lines 1 and 2. 
 
b. SIGNS  – every  place  of amusement  must  maintain,  conspicuously  posted  at the 
entrance,  and near the box-office  a place  at which  the established  price  is paid,  
one (1) or more signs accurately stating:  
 
1. The established  price  of admission;  
2. The amount  of amusement  tax due on line 1; and 
3. The sum total of the established  price  and the tax. 
 
FAILURE  TO COMPLY  – in the event  that a Producer  fails to comply  with the ticketing  
and labeling  provisions  of Section  241.07(a)  the Producer  shall be subject  to the 
suspension  and/or  revocation  of his amusement  permit  pursuant  to section  241.03(c)  of 
the Pittsburgh Code. (Ord. 34-1994,  eff. 12-30-94).  The failure to comply with the ticketing 
and labeling provisions will not excuse the Producer  from timely remitt ing the deemed 
collected Amusement Tax.  
 
SECTION  304 – AMUSEMENT  TAX QUESTIONS  AND  ANSWERS  
Q. – Are admissions  to a movie  theater  not taxed if provided by an  Institution  of Purely  
Public  Charity?  Is a movie theater  considered  a Performing  Art? 
A. – No.  Admissions to a movie theater are not considered a Performing Art because it is 
not a live performance , and nor would they be considered an Exempt Performing Arts 
Production .  
 
Q. – Does  a Producer of home  builders’  show s, trade shows,  or similar exhibitions  have  to 
collect the Amusement  Tax?  
A. – The admission  receipts  from a home  builders’  show  are properly  subject  to the 
Amusement  Tax. The Amusement  Tax Chapter  241 of the Pittsburgh  Code  extends,  by 17  definition  to trade  shows  and similar  exhibitions.  
 
Q. – Does  a Producer of wine tasting, beer tasting, whisky tasting, food tasting or similar 
events have  to collect the Amusement  Tax?  
A. – The admission  receipts  from a tasting event are properly  subject  to the Amusement  
Tax, if the event is primarily intended to showcase a commercial product  or products , even 
if no live entertainment or recreation is provided.  However, if the Producer does not provide 
entertainment or recreation, but does collect sales taxes or drin k taxes, based on the 
admission charge or contribution, from the patron, then the event is an Exempt Amusement.    
A tasting event is not an Exempt Amusement even if historical or educ ational material is 
provided to the patron if such historical or educational material is not the primary purpose 
of the event.  
 
Q. – A bar with entertainment  has a cover  charge  of $10.00  with the Amusement  Tax 
included.  How much  is the Amusement  Tax?  
A. - $10.00  cover  charge  X .04762  = $0.48 Amusement  Tax. 
Q. – A bar with entertainment  has no cover  charge,  is any Amusement  Tax owed?  If so, 
how is it calculated?  
A. – The Amusement  Tax is owed.  The cover  charge  shall be imputed  per the City Code.  
The amount  paid for admission  to the amusement  shall be ten (10%)  percent  of the 
amount  paid for refreshment,  service  and merchandise.  (The food and drink  for a bar). 
The place  of amusement  must  begin  a new cash  register  tape that will end when  the 
place  of amusement  ends.  Once  you have  the total sales  from the place  of amusement  
you are ready  to impute  the admission  charge.  
The amount  paid for food and drink  X 10% = the admission  charge.  The admission  charge  
X 5% = the imputed  amusement tax.  
An imputed  admission  charge  is implied,  and the tax will be collected.  An implied  charge  
is one that the place  of amusement  would  normally  collect.  The admission  charge  is 
therefore  imputed  and the tax paid by the place  of amusement.  
 
 18  ARTICLE  IV 
ADMINISTRATION  AND  
ENFORCEMENT  
SECTION  401 – POWERS  AND  DUTIES  OF TREASURER  (DIRECTOR)  
 
a. It shall be the duty of the Treasurer  to collect  and receive  the taxes,  fines,  and 
penalties  imposed  by the City Code,  Title Two,  Article  VII, Chapter  241. It shall also 
be the duty of the Treasurer  to keep  a record  showing  the date of such  receipt.  
 
b. The Treasurer  is charged  with the administration  and enforcement  of the provisions  
of the City Code,  and is empowered  to prescribe,  adopt,  promulgate  and enforce  
rules  and regulations  relating  to any matter  pertaining  to the administration  and 
enforcement  of the City Code,  including  provisions  for the reexamination  and 
corrections  of declarations  and returns,  and of payments  alleged  or found  to be 
incorrect,  or as to which  an overpayment  is claimed  or found  to have  occurred,  and 
to prescribe  forms  necessary  for the administration  of the City Code.  
 
c. The Treasurer  is authorized  to issue a ruling  upon  written  request  of a taxpayer  or 
Producer . 
 
SECTION  402 – EXAMINATION  OF BOOKS  AND  RECORDS  OF PRODUCERS  
 
a. Agents  designated  by the Treasurer  are hereby  authorized  to examine  the books, 
papers  and records  of any Producer  or supposed  Producer , in order  to verify  the 
accuracy  of any declaration  or return,  or if no declaration  or return  was filed,  to 
ascertain  the tax due. Every  Producer  or supposed  Producer , is hereby  directed  and 
required  to give to the Treasurer,  or to any agent  designated  by him/her,  the means,  
facilities  and opportunity  for such  examinations  and investigations,  as are hereby  
authorized.  
 
b. If records  are not available  in the City of Pittsburgh  to support the returns which were  
filed or which  should  have  been  filed,  the Producer  will be required  to make  them  
available  to the Treasurer  either  by producing  them  in a City of Pittsburgh  location  or 
by paying  for the expenses  incurred  by the Treasurer  in traveling  to the place  where  
the records  are regularly  kept.  
 
c. Any information  gained  by the Treasurer,  by designated  agents,  or by any other  
official  or agent  of the City of Pittsburgh,  as a result  of any declarations,  returns,  
investigations,  hearings  or verifications  required  or authorized  by the City Code,  
shall be confidential  except  for official  purposes  and shall not be released  except  in 
accordance  with a proper  judicial  order,  or as otherwise  provided  by law. 
 
SECTION  403 – RECORDS  TO BE KEPT  BY THE PRODUCER  
 
Producers  who collect  the Amusement  Tax are required  to keep  such  records  as will enable  
the filing of true and accurate  returns  of the tax and such  records  shall be preserved  for a 
period  of not less than three (3)  years  from the filing date or due date whichever  is later in 
order  to enable  the Treasurer  or any agent  designated  by him/her  to verify  the correctness  19  of the declarations  or returns  filed. 
 
SECTION  404 – AUDITS  
 
If, as a result  of an examination  conducted by the Treasurer, a return  is found  to be incorrect,  
the Treasurer  is authorized  to assess  and collect  any underpayments  of the Amusement  
Tax.  If no return  has been  filed and a tax is found  to be due, the tax actually  due may be 
assessed  and collected  with or without  the formality  of obtaining  a return  from the producer .  
Deficiency  assessments  (i.e., where  producer  has filed a return  but is found  to owe 
additional  tax) shall include  taxes  for up to three (3) years  prior to the date when  the 
deficiency  is assessed.  Where no return  was filed,  there  shall be no limit to the period  of 
assessment.  
 
 20  ARTICLE  V 
SUITS  FOR TAX COLLECTIONS, VIOLATIONS,  FINES, INTEREST & 
PENALTIES  
SECTION  501 – REMEDIES  NOT MUTUALLY  EXCLUSIVE  
 
The remedies  provided  in Section  502 or Section  505 are not mutually  exclusive.   The 
utilization  by the Treasurer  of one remedy  does  not preclude  utilization  of the other.  
 
Moreover, use of either or both of the remedies  provided in  these  Sections  does  not 
preclude  the use by the City of Pittsburgh  of any other  legal or administrative procedure  
which  can bring  about  compliance  by the Producer  with the provisions  of Chapter  241 of 
the Pittsburgh  Code  and these regulations.  
 
Once it has been determined that that a Producer  owes a tax, the Treasurer will take all 
actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. Such action may include obtaining additional 
information, auditing Producer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount 
of the tax, or obtaining liens on the Producer ’s property, wage attachments, levies, and 
seizures and sales of the taxpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. The Treasurer 
may enter  into a written agreement with the Producer for payment of the tax in installments 
if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection. The Treasurer 
may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek cri minal 
charges in appropriate circumstances.   
 
SECTION  502 – SUITS  FOR  RECOVERY  OF UNPAID  TAXES  
 
The Treasurer  may sue in the name of the City of  Pittsburgh, in law or in equity, for the  
recovery  of those  taxes  due and unpaid  under  the provisions  of the Amusement  Tax, to 
compel  the production  of records  or to enforce  any other  provisions  of the law.  Such suits 
may also be brought against Responsible Persons.  
 
SECTION  503 - LIMITATIONS  
 
a. The following  periods  of limitations  shall apply  to suits for collection  of taxes.  
 
1. When  a return  has been  filed but no tax paid,  any suit brought  to recover  the tax 
due and unpaid  shall be filed within  three  (3) years  after the return  was due or 
filed,  whichever  is later.  Where  no return  was filed,  there  shall be no limit to file 
suit for the collection of taxes.  
 
2. In the case  of a deficiency  assessment,  suit shall be filed within  three  (3) years  
after the assessment has been made.  
 
b. The limitations  set forth in paragraph  (a) shall not prevent  the institution  of a suit 
for the collection  of any tax due or determined  to be due in the following  cases:  
 
1. When  no return  was filed,  there  is no limitation.  
 
2. When  the return  is fraudulent,  there  is no limitation.  
 21  3. When  there  is an understatement  of tax liability  of twenty -five (25%)  or more,  and 
not due to fraud, suit must  be begun  within  six (6) years.  
 
c. A return  filed before  the due date is deemed  to be filed on the due date.  
 
SECTION  504 – PENALTY  AND  INTEREST  
 
a. Producers  must  collect  the tax imposed  herein  and shall be liable  to the City of 
Pittsburgh  for the payment  of the tax. If, however,  any Producer  shall fail to make  
any report  and payment  as herein  required  a penalty  at the rate of five (5%)  percent  
per month  for each  month  or a fraction  of a whole  month  on the amount  of tax and 
interest  of one (1%)  percent  per month  for each  month  or fraction  of a whole  month  
during  the period  in which  the tax remains  unpaid  shall be added  to the tax.  In no 
event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the 
Municipal Claims and Tax Liens Act, 53 P.S. 7143, or applicable law.  
 
b. There  is no limit, or cut off point,  for applying penalty and interest  
 
c. Penalty  and Interest  on Deficiency  Assessment.  
 
d. On any additional  tax determined  to be due as a result  of a deficiency  assessment,  
penalty  and interest  will be assessed  from the day the tax should  have  been  paid to 
the date of payment.   Penalty  and interest  is calculated  as described  above  in the 
applicable  portion  of Section  504 (a). 
 
e. Where  suit is brought  for the recovery  of such  tax, the person  liable  therefore  shall,  
in addition,  be liable  for the costs  of collection  and the interest  and penalties  herein  
imposed.  Once  due and owing,  penalty  and interest  become  part of the tax and 
shall be collected  as such.  A person’s  belief  that no tax is due and owing,  or the 
failure  of any person  to receive  or obtain  the forms  required  for making  the returns  
required  under  the City Code  is not a valid defense  to the imposition  of penalties  
herein  for violation.   Good  faith shall not be a defense  to the imposition  of penalty.  
 
SECTION  505 – FINES  AND  PENALTIES  FOR  VIOLATION  OF APPLICABLE  
PROVISIONS  OF TITLE  TWO,  PITTSBURGH  CODE  
 
a. Violations  – No person  shall:  
 
1. Fail, neglect,  or refuse  to make  any declaration  or file a return  required  under  the 
City Code.  
2. Refuse  to permit  the Treasurer  or his/her  designee  to examine  the books,  records  
or accounts  of any business,  taxable  or otherwise,  to determine  liability.  
3. Make  any incomplete,  false  or fraudulent  return  or attempt  to do anything  to 
avoid  full disclosure  of the amount  of tax due to avoid  payment  in whole  or in 
part, of the Amusement Tax.  
4. Divulge  information,  which  is confidential  under  Chapter  201.06  of the City Code.  
5. Fail to make  any payment  when  it is due. 22  b. In addition  to any other  penalties  or enforcement  proceedings  provided  for by 
ordinance  for the collection  and enforcement  of taxes:  
1. Any person  who willfully  fails or refuses  to appear  before  the Treasurer  or his/her  
agent  in person  with the employer’s  books,  records  or accounts  for examination  
when  required  under  the provisions  of Title Two of the City Code  to do so, or who 
willfully  refuses  to permit  inspection  of the books,  records  or accounts  of any 
amusement  in the person’s  custody  or control  when  the right to make  such  
inspection  by the Treasurer  or his/her  agent  is requested,  shall be guilty  of a 
misdemeanor  and shall,  upon  conviction,  be sentenced  to pay a fine of not more  
than five hundred  dollars  ($500)  or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six  
months, or both.  
 
2. The fines  and terms  of imprisonment,  imposed  under  this Section  shall be in 
addition  to any other  relief  granted  to the City of Pittsburgh  of a monetary  nature  
under  the provisions  of this Article.  
 
3. Each  and every  day that the violation  continues  shall constitute  a separate  offense  
for which  a fine may be imposed.  
 
SECTION  506 – PERSONAL LIABILITY OF RESPONSIBLE PERSONS  
 
Because the Amusement Tax is collected from Patrons, the Amusement Tax is not the 
property of the Producer but instead is held in trust for the benefit of the City.  Any 
Amusement Tax collected from patrons or deemed included in the Established Price paid 
by Patrons shall be considered trust fund taxes  held for the benefit of the City .  Should the 
Producer fail to timely remit the Amusement Tax due to the City, the Treasurer may assess 
and collect any unpaid Amusement Tax directly from any Responsible Person  or from the 
Producer, or both .  A Responsible  Person can show he is not liable for any collected 
Amusement Tax if he shows the Amusement T ax has been properly refunded to the Patron s 
who paid the tax .  If the Producer uses trust fund taxes to pay a lawful obligation of the 
Producer, the payee of such  funds shall not be considered a Respo nsible Person, unless 
the payee acts in bad faith or has direct knowledge of the breach of trust.   
 
If there are multiple Responsible Persons for a Producer, each Responsible Person shall 
have joint and several liabili ty for the unremitted Amusement Tax.  However, in no event 
may the Treasurer collect more from the Responsible Persons and the Producer in total 
than the Producer owes the City.  
 
Only the Amusement Tax shall be considered a trust fund asset.  Penalties and  interest 
assessed against the Provider, as opposed penalties and interest assessed against the 
Responsible Person directly, shall not be consider trust funds monies.   
 
In an Article VI action, a  Responsible Person shall not be able to challenge the Amuse ment 
Tax calculation derived from an assessment against the Producer once that assessment 
against the Producer has become final.   
 23  ARTICLE VI 
PRODUCER, 
TAXPAYER , AND 
RESPONSIBLE 
PERSON REMEDIES  
SECTION  601 – TREASURER  (DIRECTOR)  HEARINGS  
Any taxpayer , Producer, or Responsible Person  aggrieved by  an assessment  by the 
Treasurer  shall,  within  ninety  (90) days  after the date of notice  of the assessment,  request  
a Treasurer’s  Hearing  on a form obtained  from the Treasurer  for that purpose.  53 
Pa.C.S. § 8431. The Treasurer  may on his/her  own initiative  cite a Producer or 
Responsible Person  for a hearing.  
 
a. Any taxpayer , Producer or Responsible Person  who fails to request  a Treasurer’s  
Hearing  within  a timely  manner,  waives  the right to contest  any element  of the 
assessment,  and that party’s  failure  to challenge  the Treasurer’s  adjudication  will 
be construed  as an admission  by that party  as to the propriety  of the assessment.  
 
b. The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum:  
 
1. The petitioner’s name, address, and daytime telephone number.  
2. The petitioner’s account and/or social security number.  
3. A copy of the assessment notice the party  received from the Finance 
Department.  
4. A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner 
disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support 
the petitioner ’s claims.  
5. Petitioner ’s signature.  
 
c. The completed petition should be mailed to:  
 
TREASURER HEARINGS  
TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH  
414 GRANT ST  
PITTSB URGH PA 15219 -2476  
 
d. Any taxpayer , Producer, or Responsible Person  may request  a Treasurer’s  Hearing  
so that his tax refund  request  can be reviewed.  
 
e. The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 
Pa.C.S. § 8428.  
 
f. The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the petitioner ’s 
complete and accurate petition form . 
 
 24  SECTION  602 – APPEALS  
Any person  aggrieved  by the decision  of the Treasurer,  following  a hearing,  shall have  
the right to make  an appeal  to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, in 
accordance with the Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights Act. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8434 .  Any appeal  must  
be commenced  within  thirty  (30) days  of the date of the notice  of the Treasurer’s  
decision.  If no such  appeal  is timely  filed,  the aggrieved  party  waives  his/her  right to 
contest  any element  of the Treasurer’s  adjudication,  and that party’s  failure  to challenge  
the same  will be construed  as an admission  by that party  as to the propriety  of the 
Treasurer’s  decision.  No hearing  or appeal  will operate  to suspend  the accrual  of penalty  
and interest  from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually  paid.  
 
SECTION  603 – PAYMENT  UNDER  PROTEST  
The Treasurer  will accept  payments  of disputed  tax amounts  under  protest  pending  
appeals;  however,  any request  for refund  of such  monies  must  be filed in accordance  
with Section  604. 
 
SECTION  604 – REFUNDS  
a. A Producer or Responsible Person who has overpaid the Amusement Tax, or who 
believes  he/she  is not obligated to remit the Amusement Tax may file a written request 
on an amended tax return (AT) with the Department  of Finance  for a refund  or a credit  
of the tax. A request  for refund  or a credit  shall be made  within  three  (3) years  of 
the due date for filing the report  or one (1) year after actual  payment  of the tax, 
whichever  is later.  If no report is required,  the request  shall be made  within  three  (3) 
years  after the due date for payment  of the tax or within  one (1) year after actual  
payment  of the tax, whichever  is later.  
b. For amounts  paid as a result  of a notice  asserting  or informing  a Producer or 
Responsible Person  of an underpayment, a written request fo r a refund  shall be filed 
with the Department  of Finance  within  one (1) year of the date of the payment.  
c. Patrons who believe that they are owed a refund  because they overpaid the 
Amusement Tax , shall first approach the Producer for a refund because the Producer 
has the best knowledge of the facts surrounding the amusement.  The Producer shall 
have sixty days to review the refund request and grant or deny the refund in writing.  
If a patron  still believes he is owed a refund , after the Producer has issued a written 
refusal,  he may file a written request for refund with the Department of Finance.  S uch 
written request shall include the name and address of the patron, the name and 
address of the Producer , the date or dates of the amusement, a copy of any ticket or 
receipt  issued by the Producer , a short summary of the reasons why the patron 
believes t he tax was overpaid, a copy of the written rejection from the Producer , a 
calculation of the overpaid Amusement Tax, and a calculation of the correct 
Amusement Tax due and a calculation of the amount that should be refunded.   Only 
refund claims submitted w ithin the timelines of Section 604(a) shall be eligible for 
refund.  
d. No refund shall be allowed to the Producer  unless the Producer  provides proof to the 
Department of Finance that the Amusement Tax was refunded to the patron, unless 
the Producer  provides p roof to the Department of Finance that no patron overpaid the 25  tax and the refund is due to a computational error made by the Producer  in preparing 
the return .  
e. Erroneous  Refund  Recovery  – The Treasurer  may sue for recovery  of an erroneous  
refund  provided  such  suit is begun  two years  after making  such  refund,  except  that 
the suit may be brought  within  five years  if any part of the refund  was induced  by 
fraud  or misrepresentation  of material fact.  
 
SECTION  605 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY  
 
In the appropriate circumstances, the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and 
defer further collection action, if the Producer or Responsible Person enters into a written 
agreement with the Treasurer.  The Treasurer will approve installment pa yment plans only 
if such a plan is in the best interests of the City.  The Producer or Responsible Person  must 
specifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer.  For the required terms 
of any installment plan See, Second Class City Trea surer’s Sale and Collection Act, 53 P.S. 
§ 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. § 8436.  If the Producer or 
Responsible Person fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan, the 
Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax, pe nalty , and interest.  
 
 
 26  ARTICLE  VII: 
SAVINGS  AND SEVERABILITY AND DISCLOSURES  
 
SECTION 701 – SAVINGS  CLAUSE  AND  SEVERABILITY . 
If a final decision  of a court  of competent  jurisdiction  holds  any provision  of these  
regulations,  or the application  of any provision  to any circumstances,  to be illegal  or 
unconstitutional,  the other  provisions  in these  regulations,  or the application  of such  
provision  to other circumstances,  shall remain in full force  and effect.  
 
The intent  of the Treasurer  is that the provisions  of these  regulations  shall be severable  
and that they would  have  been  adopted  if any such  illegal  or unconstitutional  provisions  
had not been  included herein.  
 
SECTION  702 – DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  
A copy  of the Taxpayer  Bill of Rights  can be requested  in writing  at the address  below  
or downloaded  at   
http://apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf  
 
TREASURER,  CITY  OF PITTSBURGH  AUDIT  SECTION  
414 GRANT  ST RM 206 
PITTSBURGH  PA 15219 -2476  
 
 
 
 

================================================================================

Text from 9624_Local_Services_Tax_Regulations.pdf:
CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
LOCAL SERVICES  TAX 
REGULATIONS  
Issued Pursuant to the 
City of Pittsburgh 
City Code, Title II  
Article VII, Chapter 252 
Effective January 1, 2008 
Revised January 1, 2020 
-2- Table of Contents  
ARTICLE I  GENERAL  PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................ ...............  4 
SECTION 101  – DEFINITIONS  ................................ ................................ ...............  4 
SECTION 201 – TIME  FRAME  ................................ ................................ ................  5 
ARTICLE II EXAMPLES FOR LOCAL SERVICE  TAX (LST)  ................................ ...........  6 
ARTICLE III COLLECTION  AT SOURCE  ................................ ................................ .........  7 
SECTION  301 – COLLECTION  THROUGH  EMPLOYERS  ................................ ..... 7 
SECTION  302 – DIRECT  PAYMENT  BY TAXPAYER  ................................ .............  9 
SECTION  303 – LIABILITY  OF EMPLOYERS  AND  EMPLOYEES  ..........................  9 
ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION  AND ENFORCEMENT  ................................ ..................  9 
SECTION  401 – POWERS  AND  DUTIES  OF TREASURER  ................................ ... 9 
SECTION 402 – EXAMINATION OF BOOKS AND RECORDS OF TAXPAYERS  
AND  EMPLOYERS  ................................ ................................ ...............................  10 
SECTION  403 – RECORDS  TO BE KEPT  BY THE EMPLOYER  ..........................  10 
SECTION 404  - AUDITS  ................................ ................................ ...........................  10 
SECTION  501 – REMEDIES  NOT  MUTUALLY  EXCLUSIVE  ................................  11 
SECTION  502 – SUITS  FOR  RECOVERY  OF UNPAID  TAXES  ...........................  11 
SECTION 503  - LIMITATIONS  ................................ ................................ ..............  11 
SECTION 504 – PENALTY  AND  INTEREST  ................................ .........................  12 
SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE  
PROVISIONS OF TITLE TWO,  PITTSBURGH  CODE  ................................ ..........  12 
SECTION 506 - INSTA LLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR  ANY DEFICIENCY  ........14 
ARTICLE VI  TAXPAYER  REMEDIES  ................................ ................................ ............  13 
SECTION 601 – TREASURER’S  HEARING  ................................ ..........................  13 
SECTION 602  - APPEALS  ................................ ................................ ........................  14 
SECTION  603 – PAYMENT  UNDER  PROTEST  ................................ ...................  14 -3- SECTION 604  - REFUNDS  ................................ ................................ ...................  14 
SECTION 605 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND  SEVERABILITY  ................................ .. 15 
SECTION  606 – TAXPAYER  DISCLOSURE  STATEMENT  ................................ .. 15 -4- SECTION 101 – DEFINITIONS  LOCAL SERVICES TAX 
REGULATIONS 
ARTICLE I  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
The following words and phrases when used in these regulations shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in this Section, except where the context clearly indicates a different meaning:  
CITY – City of Pittsburgh  
CODE  – Pittsburgh  Code  of Ordinances  as adopted  by the Council  of the City and as updated  by 
the amendments to the Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P. S. § 6924.101, and  following.  
COMPENSATION – any salaries, wages, commissions, tips, bonuses, fees, including net profits 
from a  business for individuals,  partnerships and  any  other unincorporated taxpayers.  
CURRENT YEAR – The calendar year for which the tax is levied.  
D.C.E.D – Department of Community and Economic Development (Pennsylvania).
EMPLOYER – a person, partnership, limited partnership, association, unincorporated or 
otherwise, corporation, institution, trust, governmental body or unit or agency, or any other entity 
situated or doing business in the City employing one or more persons, including self - 
employment, for a salary, wage, commission or other compensation. An unincorporated 
association shall be deemed to be the employer of any partner in the association.  
EXEMPT P ERSON – a person who files an exemption certificate with his employer affirming  
that he reasonably expects to receive earned income and net profits from all sources within the 
City of less than twelve thousand dollars ($12,000) in the calendar year for wh ich the exemption 
certificate is filed. See Section 301(h) below, and Section 2 of the Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 
6924.301.1, for other  exemptions.  
INCOME – all earned income and net profits from whatever source derived, including but not 
limited to  salaries, wages, bonuses, commissions and income from self -employment earned in 
Pittsburgh.  
LOCAL SERVICES TAX (LST) – a tax on individuals for the privilege of engaging in an 
occupation. The Local Services Tax may be levied, assessed and collected by the  political 
subdivision of the taxpayer’s primary place of employment.  
OCCUPATION – any livelihood, job, trade, profession, business or enterprise of any kind for 
which  any compensation  is received.  A person  may have  more  than one occupation.  An individual 
who is an employee, self -employed, or a partner in an unincorporated association carrying on a 
livelihood, job, trade, profession, business or enterprise of any kind for which compensation is 
received  shall be deemed  to have  an occupation.  
PARTN ER – Any partner  in a partnership,  any member  of a limited  liability  company,  any member 
of a business trust, or other owner of any unincorporated association which is carrying on an 
occupation, who is also a natural person, shall be deemed to be a partner  in an unincorporated 
association.  
PERSON OR INDIVIDUAL – a natural person. Whenever used in any provision prescribing a 
fine or penalty the word “person” as applied to partnerships, shall mean the partners thereof, 
and as applied  to corporations  and unincorporated  associations,  shall mean  the officers  thereof.  
PERSONS  SUBJECT  TO LOCAL  SERVICES  TAX – any person  who is an employee,  partner  in 
an unincorporated  association,  or self-employed  individual  who has compensation  or income  from 
within  the City, associated  with an occupation,  shall be subject  to the LST,  unless  he or she is an 
exempt  person.  -5- TAX YEAR – a twelve (12) month period from January 1 to December 31.  
TAXPAYER – A person, partnership, limited partnership, association, unincorporated or 
otherwise, corporation, institution, trust, governmental body, unit or agency or any other entity 
situated or doing business in the City, liable for tax under Chapter 252 of the C ity Code.  
TREASURER – references to the Treasurer in these regulations refer to the Director and/or the 
Department of Finance. The Director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the 
City. The Deputy  Director  of Finance  serves  as City Treasurer.  ARTICLE  II IMPOSITION  OF TAX 
SECTION 201 – TIME FRAME  
A Local  Services  Tax has been  levied  pursuant to  the City Code,  Title II,  Article  VII, Chapter  252, 
for the period January 1 thru December 31 for the purposes of supplementing the funds for (1) 
Police, Fire and/or Emergency services; (2) road construction and/or maintenance; or (3) 
reduction of property taxes. This tax was levied for the privilege o f engaging in an occupation 
within the city for each calendar year. It shall be paid over to the Treasurer as set forth in 
Chapter 252. Each natural person who engages in an occupation shall pay a tax in the amount 
of $52 in accordance  with the provisions  of Chapter  252 of the City Code.  
RATE OF TAX –$52 – A person subject to the Local Services Tax shall be assessed a pro rata 
share of the tax for each payroll period in which the person is engaging in an occupation. The 
pro rata share shall be determined by dividing the rate of the Local Services Tax levied for the 
calendar year by  the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar 
year. Example:  $52 /26 pay periods equal $2 per pay.  Employers are required to remit the  
Local Services Tax thirty days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year. For purp oses of 
this tax, sole proprietors  and partners  shall be deemed  to be employees.  
The situs of the Local Services Tax shall be the place of employment, but, in the event a person 
is engaged in more than one occupation or municipality at the same time, the p riority of claim to 
collect such tax shall be the municipality in which a person is principally employed for the pay 
periods in question.  
Beginning in 2008 a person seeking to claim an exemption from the Local Services Tax may 
annually file an exemption ce rtificate with his employer. The employee shall attach to the 
exemption certificate a copy of all the employees last pay stubs or W -2 forms from employment 
within the political subdivision for the year prior to the calendar year.  
Exemption certificates can  be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance  
Beginning in 2008, the following persons are exempt from this tax: (1) any person whose total 
earned income and net profits from all sources within the City is less than twelve thousand 
dollars ($12,000) for the calendar year; (2) any person who served in any war or armed conflict 
in which  the United  States  was engaged  and is honorably  discharged  or released  under  honorable 
circumstances  from active  service  if, as a result  of military  service,  the person  is blind,  paraplegic 
or a double or quadruple amputee or has a service connected disability declared by the United 
States Ve teran’s Administration or its successor to be a total one hundred percent permanent 
disability; or ( 3 ) any person who serves as a member of a reserve component of the armed 
forces and is called to active duty at any time during the taxable year. For purp oses of this 
subsection, “reserve component of the armed forces” shall mean the United States Army 
Reserve, United States Navy Reserve, United States Marine Corps Reserve, United States 
Coast Guard Reserve, United States Air Force Reserve, The Pennsylvania  Army National 
Guard  or the Pennsylvania  Air National  Guard.  -6-  EXAMPLES FOR LOCAL SERVICE TAX (LST)  
 
1. How is the LST deducted from the employee’s pay and remitted to the City? Example, 
employees work full time in the City and all employees earn $12,000 or more.  What is  
the employer’s  responsibility?  
ANSWER:  The employer is required to withhold the pro -rata share of the tax by dividing  
$52 by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year. 
The $52 tax would be collected at $1 per week for taxpayers paid weekly or at $4.33 per 
month for taxpayers paid monthly. When calculat ing the pro -rata share, employers are 
required to round down to the nearest one -hundredth of a dollar.  
The employer must remit the LST quarterly. The LST form is provided by the City. The  
tax should be paid the month following the end of each quarter. The  LST forms can be 
downloaded  at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance  
2. At the beginning of the year, an employee expects to earn a total of $10,000 in the City  
for the entire  calendar  year.  Should  the employer  withhold  the LST?  
ANSWER: No. If an employee files an exemption certificate with his employer stating that 
he will earn less than $12,000 for the entire year, the employer is not required to  
withhold the LST.  The employer is required to have the exemption certificate available  
for employees to  complete.  
The exemption certificate can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/fin ance  
3. A new hire files an exemption certificate with his employer. The employer and his 
employee realize with 13 weeks left in the year that he will earn $12,000 because he is 
working more hours than anticipated. He is paid weekly. Is his employer responsib le for 
withholding the LST now?  
ANSWER: Yes. After the employer realizes that the employee will  earn  $12,000  or 
more, the employer must withhold $40 ($39 + $1) from the next pay to catch -up then  
$1.00 a pay for the remaining 12 pays for a grand total of  $52. 
4. Employee has two part -time jobs; one located in the City which pays him $8,000 a year 
and another in Municipality “A” that pays him $7,000 a year. Does this person need to  
pay the  LST?  
ANSWER: No.  The taxpayer should file an exemption certificate w ith both employers  
and have  no LST deducted.  The Taxpayer  is not subject  to the LST since  he did not earn 
$12,000 in any single municipality. If the tax was withheld the employee could file a  
refund claim with each municipality after January 31 of the following year. The refund 
request form can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance  - the form is 
listed  as LST REFUND  FORM.  
5. An individual works January thru June in the City and July thru December in Municipality 
“A”. He earns $10,000 a month at both jobs and is paid once a week. What is his liability 
to Pittsburgh?  
ANSWER: His employer in the City should withhold $1 a week for 26 pay periods and 
remit $26 along with his other employees’ deductions to the City. Municipality “A” would 
be entitled to the LST for the 2nd half of the year. The emp loyee should provide proof of 
LST paid for the first half of the year to Municipality “A”.  -7-  6. An individual works July thru December in the City. He did not work January thru June, 
anywhere. He earns $10,000 a month. Does he owe the $52 LST to t he City?  
ANSWER: Yes. His employer knows that this employee is over  the  $12,000  low  
income exemption level. No exemption certificate has been filed. The $52 may be 
prorated for the rest of the year; however the employer should withhold $52 because that  
is what  the employee  owes.  
SECOND OPTION: The employer at his option may also deduct a lump sum equal to the 
prior periods that were missed. This payroll deduction should also include the current 
payroll deduction that he and his co -workers are liable for. For example, if he is paid 
once a week, h e would add $1 to his lump sum prior liability, and this would be 
deducted from one paycheck.  
7. An employee has 2 jobs and both are part time. Both started at the beginning of January. 
Job #1 is in the City and pays the employee $1,000 a month. Job #2 is in Municipality “A” 
and paid the taxpayer $500. Where should the tax be  paid?  
ANSWER: Since both jobs started at the same time, the job that pays the employee the 
most should be considered his principal job and in this case it would be the City. The LST 
shoul d be paid to the City. The employee should file an exemption certificate with 
Municipality “A” or proof that his principal employer is located in the City.  
8. On January 1, an employee worked for an employer in Municipality “A” and paid $10. In 
June the emplo yee started a new job in the City and will make over $12,000 at this job.   
Is the employer  required  to withhold  the LST from the employee?  
ANSWER: Yes. The employer must still withhold $42 ($52 less $ 10 previously paid) 
if the employee provides proof that the $10 was paid to Municipality “A”. Then the 
employer must pro -rate the $42  based on the remaining payroll  periods.  
SECOND OPTION: The employer at his option may also deduct a lump sum equal to the 
prior periods that  were missed. This payroll deduction should also include the current 
payroll deduction that he and his co -workers are liable for. For example, if he is paid 
once a week, he would add $1 to his lump sum prior liability, and this would be 
deducted from one p aycheck.  
9. An employee files his exemption certificate late. The employer has already withheld $52. 
Can the employee  apply  for a refund?  
ANSWER: Yes. The employee should request the refund from the employer. It is 
permissible and recommended that his employe r refund the current year LST and make 
an adjustment for their next quarterly remittance to the City for the current year.  
If the employer does not refund the LST, the employee can apply for a refund from the 
City after the employer’s fourth quarter paymen t and summary form is filed at the end of 
January of the following year (see Section 301(j)).  
The City is not required to pay interest until 75 days after the fourth quarter or when the 
taxpayer files for a refund, whichever is later.  -7-  10. Employe e works 4 months in the City and earns $20,000. His employer  is  located 
outside the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Is the employee required to pay the $52 
LST?  
ANSWER:   Yes. 
11. Is a self -employed person or a  partner who has an office in the City or who works out  
of his home  located in the City subject to the  LST?  
ANSWER:  Yes.   A self -employed person or partner is subject to the $52   LST.  The 
tax may be  prorated and paid  quarterly.  
 
ARTICLE III 
COLLECTION AT SOUR CE 
SECTION 301 – COLLECTION THROUGH EMPLOYERS  
a. Every employer not registered with the City shall, within 15 days after first becoming an 
employer, register with the City the employer’s name, address and such other information 
as the City may  require.  
b. All em ployers and self -employed individuals are required to collect the Local Services Tax 
from all employees engaged in an occupation within the City, unless the employee files  
an Exemption certificate with the employer. Exemption certificates must indicate a basis 
for exemption  and must  be retained  for 3 years.  
c. Employers are required to remit the Local Services Tax within thirty (30) days after the 
end of each quarter of a calendar year. For purposes of this tax, sole proprietors and 
partners  shall be deemed  to be employees.  
WHEN TO FILE AND PAY – The employer shall file a return of taxes deducted for each 
three -month period (quarter) on or before the last day of the month following each three - 
month period.  
FIRST  QUARTER  (03):  January  1 thru March  31 (due April 30) 
SECOND  QUARTER  (06):  April 1 thru June  30 (due July 31) 
THIRD  QUARTER  (09):  July 1 thru September  30 (due October  31) 
FOURTH  QUARTER  (12):  October  1 thru December  31 (due January  31) 
d. Any employer, who discontinues business or ceases operation before December 31 of 
the current tax year, shall within fifteen (15) days after discontinuing business or ceasing 
operation,  file the return  hereinabove  required  and pay the tax to the Treasurer.  
e. The failure of any employer to deduct the tax shall not relieve the employee from the duty 
to file a return and pay the tax. The employee must first contact the City of Pittsburgh 
Finance Department at 412-255-2510 then file an LS -3 form. No employer shall be held 
liable for failure to withhold the Local Services Tax to a political subdivision if the failure to 
withhold taxes arises from incorrect information submitted by the employee as to the 
employee’s place or places of employmen t. Any employer who fails to deduct the tax as 
required by this section, or who fails to pay the tax to the Treasurer,  shall be liable  for 
such  tax in full. -8-  As to employees who present official receipts evidencing prior payment of the tax either 
directly or by collection through other employers in Pennsylvania, the employer shall not 
deduct the tax but shall maintain adequate records concerning the employees.  
f. The employer must list on the employee’s pay stub how much was withheld and list the 
municipality it was paid to . List PITTSBURGH as  “PGH ”. 
g. Upfront Exemption . Employers are required to discontinue withholding the LST if an 
employee provides an exemption certificate showing that he has earned income and/or 
net profits of less than $12,000. The exemption certificate must verify that the employee 
reasonably expec ts to receive earned income and/or net profits of less than $12,000 from 
all sources within the City for the calendar year for which the exemption certificate is filed. 
A copy of the employee’s final pay stubs or W -2 forms from employment within Pittsburgh  
for the year prior to the calendar year for which the employee is requesting an exemption 
must be attached to the exemption certificate. Employers must make upfront exemption 
forms readily available to employees at all times and provide new employees with  the 
forms at the time of hiring. Employers are relieved of liability due to incorrect information 
on the exemption  certificate  completed  by the employee.  
Employers are only required to withhold the LST on a payroll period basis for those 
payroll periods i n which the taxpayer is employed. However, when two or more  employers 
employ a taxpayer in a payroll period, an employer is not required to withhold the LST if 
the taxpayer provides a pay stub from his/her principal employer accompanied by an 
employee stat ement of principal employment that the pay stub is from the taxpayer’s 
principal employer and that the taxpayer will notify the employer of any change in 
employment.  Employers  are relieved  of liability  for the tax if they fail to withhold  the tax due 
to incorrect information provided by the taxpayer regarding the taxpayer’s principal 
employer.  
h. Military Exemption . Employers must exempt from the LST: (1) members of a reserve 
component of the armed forces called to active duty and (2) honorably discha rged 
veterans who served in any war or armed conflict who are blind, paraplegic, or a double 
or quadruple amputee as a result of military service or who are 100% disabled from a 
service -connected  disability.  
i. Restoration of Withholding . Employers must “rest art” withholding the LST from an 
employee  who files an exemption  certificate  in the following  circumstances:  
 If instructed  to do so by the political  subdivision  levying  the LST;  
 If notified  by the employee  that he is no longer  eligible  for the exemption;  or 
 If the employer  pays  the employee  $12,000  or more  for the calendar  year.  
Employers “restart” withholding of the LST by withholding (1) a “catch -up” lump sum  
equal to the amount of tax that was not withheld from the employee as a result of the 
exemption; and (2) the same amount per payroll period that is withheld from other 
employees.  
j. The employer must attach a summary on a CD or hard copy with the fourth quarter 
payment  listing  the following  information:  
 Employer’s name, address in Pittsburgh, Federal ID number, and the employer’s City 
account  number.  -9-   The summary must include an employee’s name, Social Security number, wages, 
address and the amount of Local Service Tax withheld and paid to Pittsburgh for the 
complete calendar  year.  
 Please see the LST tax form at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance  for the format to 
use on  CD. 
 Concurrent Employment. If a taxpayer has two or more jobs in different political 
subdivisions during a payroll period, the priority of claim to collect the LST is as 
follows:  
1. Where  the taxpayer  maintains  his principal  office  or is principally  employed;  
2. Where  the taxpayer  resides  and works;  and 
3. Where  the taxpayer  is employed  that is nearest  in miles  to the taxpayer’s  home.  
k. If any employer fails or refuses to pay over to the Treasurer any tax required to be 
withheld under this section by the due date, a penalty of 5% for every month or fraction 
thereof that the tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected, the penalty is c apped at 
50%. Interest at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum on the amount of tax unpaid 
for each month or fraction of a month that tax remains unpaid shall be added and 
collected.  
SECTION 302 – DIRECT PAYMENT BY TAXPAYER  
Every taxpayer who is self -employed, a partner, or any taxpayer that did not have the tax 
withheld for any other reason, shall file a LS -3 form and shall pay the tax directly to the 
Treasurer.  The tax is  $52 and should  be pro-rated  and paid on a quarterly  basis.  Taxpayers  shall 
file and pay the tax  30 days after the end of each quarter.  
SECTION 303 – LIABILITY OF EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYEES  
Any employer required to withhold the tax in accordance with the City Code and with these 
Regulations shall be personally liable for paymen t of the tax in the event he fails, refuses or 
neglects to withhold or transmit the tax or any portion thereof, in addition to the interest and 
penalties. Any taxes deducted and withheld from employees, plus any penalties and interest 
thereon, constitute a  trust fund for the benefit of the City. The failure to timely remit such funds 
allows the City to collect such trust funds from the employer, the employer’s representative, or 
any other person receiving such trust funds.  53 P.S. § 6924.705(b)(1).  
The failure or omission of any employer to make the correct deductions required by this section 
shall not relieve any employee from the payment of the tax or the balance determined to be due, 
together with penalty and interest from the date the tax was due , or from complying with the 
requirements of the Code relating to the filing of declarations and returns.  
ARTICLE IV 
ADMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT  
SECTION 401 – POWERS AND DUTIES OF TREASURER  
a. It shall be the duty of the Treasurer to collect and receive th e taxes, fines, and penalties 
imposed in accordance with the City Code, Title II, Article VII, Chapter 252. It shall also  
be the duty of the Treasurer  to keep  a record  showing  the date of such  receipt.  
b. The Treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the 
City Code, and is empowered to prescribe, adopt, promulgate and enforce rules and 
regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the 
Code, including provisions for the reexaminati on and corrections of declarations and 
returns, and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect, or as to which an overpayment 
is  claimed  or  found  to  have  occurred,  and  to  prescribe  forms  necessary  for      the -10-  administration of the Code.  
 
c. The Treasurer  is authorized  to issue  a ruling  upon  written  request  of a taxpayer.  
 
SECTION  402 – EXAMINATION  OF BOOKS  AND  RECORDS  OF TAXPAYERS  AND 
EMPLOYERS  
a. Agents designated by the Treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers 
and records of any employer or supposed employer, or of any taxpayer or supposed 
taxpayer, in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return, or if no declarat ion  
or return was filed, to ascertain the tax due. Every employer or supposed employer, and 
every taxpayer or supposed taxpayer, is hereby directed and required to give to the 
Treasurer, or to any agent designated by him, the means, facilities and opportu nity for 
such  examinations  and investigations,  as are hereby  authorized.  
b. If records are not available in the City to support the returns which were filed or which 
should have been filed, the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the 
Treasurer either by producing them in a City location or by paying for the expense s 
incurred  by the Treasurer  in traveling  to the place  where  the records  are regularly  kept.  
c. A taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests 
for information from the City or its agents, unless an extension of time is granted in 
accordance with 53 Pa.C.S. §  8424.  
d. Any information gained by the Treasurer, by designated agents, or by any other official or 
agent of the City, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings or 
verifications required or auth orized by the Code, shall be confidential except for official 
purposes, and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or 
as otherwise provided by law. 53 Pa.C.S. §  8437.  
 
SECTION 403 – RECORDS TO BE KEPT BY THE EMPLOYER  
Emplo yers are required to keep such records, including exemption certificates, which will enable 
the filing of true and accurate returns of the Local Services Tax (LS -1 and LS -3). Such records 
shall be preserved for a period of not less than three (3) years fro m the filing date or due date, 
whichever is later, in order to enable the Treasurer or any designated agent to verify the 
correctness of the declarations or returns filed.  
 
SECTION 404 - AUDITS  
If, as a result of an examination conducted by the Treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect,  
the Treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the Local Services Tax. 
If no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed 
and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the taxpayer. Deficiency 
assessments (i.e., where taxpayer has filed a return in good faith but is found to owe additional 
tax) shall include taxes for three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assess ed. 
Where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of assessment. Any assessment 
will be issued in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S. §  8427  -11-  ARTICLE V  
SUITS  FOR  TAX COLLECTIONS,  VIOLATIONS,  FINES,  INTEREST  & PENALTIES  
SECTION 501 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE  
The remedies  provided  in Section  502 or Section  505 are not mutually  exclusive.  The utilization 
by the Treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other.  Moreover, use     
of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not preclude the use by the 
City of any other legal or administrative procedure whic h can bring about compliance by the 
taxpayer with the provisions of Chapter 252 of the  Code.  
SECTION 502 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES  
The Treasurer may sue in the name of the City, in law or in equity, for the recovery of those 
taxes  due and unpaid  under  the provisions  of the Local  Services  Tax, to compel  the production 
of records  or to enforce  any other  provisions  of the Code,  Title II, Article  I, Chapter  211. 
Once  it has been  determined  that that a taxpayer  owes  a tax, the Treasurer  will take all actions 
legally  permitted  to enforce  its claim.  Such  action  may include  obtaining  additional  information, 
auditing taxpayer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax, or 
obtaining liens on the taxpayer’s property, wage attachmen ts, levies, and seizures and sales 
of the taxpayer’s  property  in appropriate  circumstances.  The Treasurer  may enter  into a written 
agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes 
that such an agreement will faci litate collection. The Treasurer may also impose interest and 
applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek criminal charges in appropriate 
circumstances.  See, Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. §  6924.702.  
SECTION 503 - LIMITATIONS  
a. The following  periods  of limitations  shall apply  to suits for collection  of taxes.  
1. Where a return was filed  but no tax paid, any suit  brought to recover the  tax due   
and unpaid shall begin within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, 
whichever is  later.  
2. In the case of a deficiency assessment, within three (3) years after the assessment  
has  been  made.  
b. The limitations set forth in paragraph (a) should not prevent the institution of a suit for 
the collection  of any tax due or determined  to be due in the following  cases:  
1. When  no return  was filed,  there  is no limitation.  
2. When  the return  is fraudulent,  there  is no limitation.  
3. When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five percent (25%) or more, 
and not due to fraud, suit must begin within six (6)  years.  
c. Deficiency  assessments  (i.e., where  taxpayer  has filed a return  in good  faith but is found 
to owe additional tax) shall include taxes for three  (3) years prior to  the  date  when 
the deficiency is assessed. Where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to the 
period of assessment. A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the 
due date.  -12-  SECTION 504 – PENALTY AND INTEREST  
a. If for any reason the Local Services Tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate       
of twelve percent (12%) per annum on the amount of tax and an additional penalty of 
five percent (5%) per month for each month or fraction of a month during the perio d in 
which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax. 53 P.S. § 6924.706. The 
penalty shall not exceed fifty percent (50%). In no event shall the interest rate 
assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and Tax Liens 
Act, 53 P. S. § 7143, or applicable  law. 
b. Penalty and Interest on Deficiency Assessment. On any additional tax determined to 
be due as a result of a deficiency assessment, penalty and interest will be assessed 
from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment. Penalty and 
interest is calculated as described in paragraph (a) above. Where suit is brought for 
the recovery of such tax, the person  liable therefore shall,  in  addition, be liable for  
the costs of collection and the interest and penalties he rein imposed. A person’s belief 
that no tax is due and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms 
required for making the returns required under the City Code, Chapter 211, is not a 
valid defense to the imposition  of  penalties her ein for violation.  Good faith shall not 
be a defense  to the imposition  of penalty.  
 
SECTION 505 – FINES AND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE PROVISIONS 
OF TITLE TWO, PITTSBURGH CODE  
a. Violations – No person  shall:  
1. Fail, neglect, or refuse to make any d eclaration or file a return required under the City 
Code;  
2. Refuse to permit the Treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books, records or 
accounts  of any business,  taxable  or otherwise,  to determine  liability;  
3. Make any incomplete, false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full 
disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part, of the Local 
Services  Tax; 
4. Divulge  information,  which  is confidential  under  Chapter  201.06  of the Code;  or 
5. Fail to make  any payment  when  it is due. 
b. Fines  
1. When a person has been adjudged in violation of the applicable provisions by a member 
of the minor judiciary, the person shall be fined not more than five hundred ($500.00) 
dollars and costs for each offense, and in default of payment thereof may be impris oned 
for not more  than fifty (50) days.  
 
2. The fines imposed under this Section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the 
City of a monetary  nature  under  the provisions  of this Article.  
 
3. Each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for 
which  a fine can be imposed.  -13-  SECTION 506 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY  
In the appropriate circumstances, the Treasurer will enter an insta llment payment plan and defer 
further collection action, if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the Treasurer. The 
Treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the 
City. The taxpayer must sp ecifically request the installment payment plan from the Treasurer. For 
the required terms of any installment plan See, Second Class City Treasurer’s Sale and Collection 
Act, 53 P.S. § 27207 and Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. § 8436. If the taxp ayer fails to 
abide  by the terms  of the installment  payment  plan,  the Treasurer  may demand  immediate  payment 
of tax, penalty and  interest.  
 
 
ARTICLE VI 
TAXPAYER  REMEDIES  
SECTION 601 – TREASURER’S HEARING  
Any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall, within ninety (90) days after the 
date of notice of the assessment, request a Treasurer’s Hearing on a form obtained from the 
Treasurer for that purpose. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8431. The Treasurer  may  on  his/her  own  initiative  
cite a taxpayer  for a hearing.  
 
a. Any taxpayer who fails to request a Treasurer’s Hearing within a timely manner, waives 
the right to contest any element of the assessment, and that party’s failure to challenge 
the Treasurer’s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the 
propriety of the  assessment.  
 
b. The written petition for reassessment shall contain at  minimum:  
 
1. The taxpayer’s name, address, and daytime telephone  number.  
2. The taxpayer’s account and/or social security  number.  
3. A copy  of the assessment  notice  the taxpayer  received  from the Finance  Department.  
4. A detailed  explanation  consisting  of the reason  or reasons  the taxpayer  disagrees  with 
the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the taxpayer’s  claims.  
5. Taxpayer’s  signature.  
c. The completed petition should be mailed to: 
TREASURER  HEARINGS  
TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
414 GRANT ST  
PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476  
d. Any taxpayer may  request a Treasurer’s Hearing so that his tax refund request can be 
reviewed.  
 
e. The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 Pa.C.S. § 
8428.  
 
f. The Treasurer  will issue  its decision  within  60 days  of the receipt  of the taxpa yer’s  complete 
and accurate petition  form.  -14-  SECTION 602 - APPEALS  
Any taxpayer aggrieved by the decision of the Treasurer, following a hearing, shall have the  
right to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, in accordance with 
the Taxpayers Bill of Rights. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8434. This  appeal must be  commenced within   thirty  
(30) days of the date of the Treasurer’s decision. If no such appeal is timely filed, the aggrieved 
party waives his right to contest any element of the Treasurer’s adjudication, and that party’s 
failure to challenge the same wil l be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety 
of the Treasurer’s decision. No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty 
and interest from the date the  tax was due to the date it is actually paid.  
SECTION 603 – PAYMENT UNDER PROTEST  
The Treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals; 
however, any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance with Section 604.  
SECTION 604 - REFUNDS  
a. A taxpayer who has overpaid the Local Services Tax, or who is not liable for the Local 
Services Tax, may file a written request with the Department of Finance for a refund or a 
credit of the tax. A request for refund or a credit shall be made within three (3) years of 
the due date for fi ling the return or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever 
is later. If no return is required, the request shall be made within three (3) years after the 
due date for payment of the tax or within one (1) year after actual payment of the tax , 
whichever is later. All refunds shall be processed consistently with Section 2 of the Local 
Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 6924.301.1(f)(9)(vii) and the Local Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 
Pa.C.S §  8426.  
b. For amounts paid as a result of a notice assessing or i nforming a taxpayer of an 
underpayment, a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department  of 
Finance  within  one (1) year of the date of the payment.  
c. Refunds made within seventy -five (75) days of a refund request or seventy -five (75) days 
after the last day the employer is required to remit the local services tax for the last 
quarter  of the calendar  year,  whichever  is later,  shall not be subject  to interest.  
d. In general,  refunds  will not be issued  to employers  unless  the employer  provides  proof  that 
the overpayment has been refunded to the person from whom the tax was originally 
withheld. If the employer can demonstrate that it made a computation error on the return 
and show that the underlying tax was not withheld from any person, the refu nd can be 
issued to the  employer.  -15-  SECTION 605 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY  
If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these regulations, or 
the application of any provision to any circumstances, to be illegal or unconstitutional, the other 
provisions in these regulations, or the application of  such provision to other circumstances, shall 
remain in full force and effect. The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these 
regulations shall be severable and that they would have been adopted if any such illegal or 
unconstitutional provisio ns had not been included herein.  
SECTION 606 – TAXPAYER DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  
A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the address below or 
downloaded at http://apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf  
 
TREASURER, CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
AUDIT SECTION  
414 GRANT ST RM 206  
PITTSBURGH PA  15219 -2476  

================================================================================

Text from 9623_ISP_Tax_Regulations.pdf:
-1-CITY OF PITTSBURGH 
THE INSTITUTIO N AND SERVICE PRIVILE GE TAX 
REGULATIONS 
Revised January 20 20 
-2-INTRODUCTION  
Ordinance No. 676 of 1968 as amended and re -enacted, imposes a tax  upon the 
privilege of conducting or operating a service or service institution in the City of Pittsburgh, 
at the rate of six mills as measured by gross receipts derived from all service transactions.   
The Ordin ance was enacted under the authority of the Local Tax Enabling Act, 53 P.S. § 
6924.101, and following.   The current text of the Ordinance can be found in Title Two, Article 
VII, Chapter 247 of the City of Pittsburgh Code of Ordinances.  
Questions relating t o specific institutions and specific institution operations not 
answered in these Regulations, should be submitted in writing to the City Treasurer, on 
prescribed forms available from: Treasurer, City of Pittsburgh, City­County  Building,  
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219.  -3-TABLE OF CONTENTS  
ARTICLE I – GENERAL PROVISIONS  ................................ ................................ ...........................  4 
(1) SECTION 101 - DEFINITIONS  ................................ ................................ .................  4 
(2) SECTION 102 – WHO MUST FILE A RETURN  ................................ .......................  7 
(3) SECTION 103 – TAX BASE  ................................ ................................ .....................  8 
(4) SECTION 104 – WHAT CONSTITUTES RENDERING SERVICES IN
PITTSBURGH  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  8 
(5) SECTION 105 – RECEIPTS FROM GOVERNMENTAL AGENCIES AND NON -
PROFIT ORGANIZATIONS  ................................ ................................ .....................  8 
(6) SECTION 106 – REFERENCES TO FEDERAL STATUTES  ................................ ... 8 
ARTICLE II – RETURNS  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  9 
(1) SECTION 201 – FILING RETURN  ................................ ................................ ...........  9 
(2) SECTION 202 – PAYMENT OF TAX  ................................ ................................ ....... 9 
(3) SECTION 203 – TAX RATE  ................................ ................................ .....................  9 
(4) SECTION 204 – PENALTIES AND INTEREST  ................................ ........................  9
ARTICLE III – TAXABILITY  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...........  10 
(1) SECTION 301 – PERIOD USED IN CALCULATING THE TAX  ..............................  10 
(2) SECTION 302 – TAXABLE GROSS RECEIPTS  ................................ ....................  10 
ARTICLE IV – DETERMINATION OF TAX BASE  ................................ ................................ .........  12 
(1) SECTION 401 - INCLUSIONS  ................................ ................................ ...............  12 
(2) SECTION 402 – PITTSBURGH RECEIPTS  ................................ ...........................  12 
ARTICLE V – SUITS FOR COLLECTION, PENALTIES, ETC.  ................................ ......................  14 
(1) SECTION 501 – SUITS FOR RECOVERY OF UNPAID TAXES  ............................  14 
(2) SECTION 502 – PENALTY AND INTEREST FOR NON -PAYMENT  ......................  14 
(3) SECTION 503 – FINES A ND PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF ACT  ...................  15 
(4) SECTION 504 – REMEDIES NOT MUTUALLY EXCLUSIVE  ................................ . 15 -4-ARTICLE VI – TAXPAYER REMEDIES  ................................ ................................ ........................  16 
(1) SECTION 601 – TREASURER (DIRECTOR) HEARINGS  ................................ ..... 16 
(2) SECTION 602 – APPEALS  ................................ ................................ ....................  16 
(3) SECTION 603 – PAYMENT UNDER PROTEST  ................................ ....................  17 
(4) SECTION 604 – REFUNDS  ................................ ................................ ...................  17
(5) SECTION 605 – INSTALLMENT PAYMENT PLAN FOR ANY DEFICIENCY  .........  17 
ARTICLE VII – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY.  ................................ ...........................  19 
(1) SECTION 701 – SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERABILITY  ................................ ... 19 
(2) SECTION 702 – DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  ................................ .......................  19 -5-ARTICLE I  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
Section  101. — Definitions . As used in this Ordinance, unless the context dearly 
indicates a different meaning, the following words and phrases shall have the meaning 
set forth below:  
(a) “City" - the City of Pittsburgh.
(b) “Exempt Institutions ” the following Institutions are exempt from the
Institution and Service Privilege Tax : 
(1) Corporations organized under an Act of Congress which are
instrumentalities of the United States , including any entity described in 26 U .S.C. § 
501(l) ; 
(2) The United States, any S tate or political subdivision thereof,  any
authority of the state or local government, any elementary or secondary school with in 
the City  (public or private) , and any federal, state, or municipal pension plan;  
(3) Any Institution of Purely Public charity, under 10 P.S. § 371, that
provides the evidence required by 10 P.S. § 376(a) ; 
(4) Any insurance company regulated by the Pennsylvania Insurance
Department;  
(5) Any utility regulated by the Pennsylvania Utility Commission;
(6) Any voluntary employee’s beneficiary association  described in 26
U.S.C. § 501(c)( 9), or a ny qualified pension or retirement plan or trust  of a private 
employer or a multiemployer plan or trust; including any qualified plan or trust 
described under; 26 U.S. C. § 501(c)(22); 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(24); or 26 U.S.C. § § 
501(c)(25)(C )(i), (ii) or (iii) ; 
(7) Any regulated financial institution under the Tax Reform Code of
1971, 72 P.S. § 7401(6) ; and . 
(8) Any organization exempt from tax under 26 U.S.C. 501, which is
not listed in the classes of Taxable Institutions under Section  101(e) of these 
Regulations.  
(c) "Gross Receipts " - cash, credits, property of any kind or nature received
in or allocable to the City of Pittsburgh from an y Institution by reason of any S ervic e 
rendered in the City, without deduction therefrom on account of property sold, materials 
used, labor, service, or other cost, interest or discount paid, or any other expense.  
(1) “Gross Receipts" shall include payments from insurance or other
third-party  paym ents for the cost of S ervice; 
(2) “Gross Receipts” shall include payments for Service rendered to
affiliates or subsidiaries. 
(3) “Gross Receipts” shall include any payment, income, grants, or
other aid from federal, state or local governments , includin g the Medicare and Medicaid 
Programs as well as Pennsylvania General Assistance.   -6-(4) “Gross Receipts” shall exclude receipts subject to the City
Mercantile License Tax, the City Business Privilege Tax, the Earned Income Tax, or 
any taxes collect ed as an agent for any government (such as sales taxes) . At this time, 
the City does not collect any Mercantile License Tax or Business Privilege Tax.  
(5)“Gross Receipts” shall exclude membership fees, dues of the
members of the  Institution, voluntary or charitable contributions unrelated to individual 
service or assessments which fall equally upon all members.   Local Tax Enabling Act, 
53 P.S. § 6924.301.1(f)(7).   However, individual charges for service  to a member or 
non-member of an Institution are not membership fees but Gross Receipts subject to 
Tax.  
(6)Donations , dues , and receipts associated with religious services
received by religious organizations , are excluded from “Gross Receipts.”  Non -religious 
activities of religious organizations, i.e. bingo, bazaars, etc. are excluded from “Gross 
Receipts” unless the organizers and/or operators of such activities are paid for 
rendering such services.  
(7)“Gross Receipts” shall exclude receipts attributab le to activities
sponsored and conducted solely and completely by and for the entity by unpaid 
volunteers.  
(8)“Gross Receipts” shall exclude receipts of Exempt Institutions.
(9)“Gross Receipts” shall exclude any receipts which the City is
prohibiting fro m taxing by reason of federal law, the Constitution of the United States, 
or the laws Commonwealth.  Any person making such as claim shall provide on its tax 
return a short citation to applicable case or statutory law that is the basis for the 
exemption cl aim. 
(10)“Gross Receipts” that are excluded from Tax are called “ Exempt
Receipts .” 
(d) "Person " - any foundation, partnership, corporation,  charitable trust,
limited liability company,  unincorporated association or any other organization 
operating under a non -profit charter or organized as a non -profit charter or organized 
as a non -profit entity, which provides Service to the public or to any select or limited 
number thereof.   Examples of entities organized as a non -profit entity include, non -
profit corporations formed under the Non-Profit Corporation Law of 1988 , 15 Pa.C.S.  
§ 5101, or any predecessor or successor law, or the Pennsylvania Uniform
Unincorporated Nonprofit Association Law,  15 Pa.C.S. § 9111, or any predecessor or
successor law.
(1) The word “person”  includes an y incorporated or unincorporated
entity , trust, or foundation , which provides a taxable Service,  which is exempt  from the 
Corporate Net Income tax under  72 P.S. § 7401 (1)3 and § 7401(1)4(i) , and which is a 
member of one of following classes of non-profit entities described under 26 U.S.C. § 
501: 
(i) corporations or other organizations exempt under 26
U.S.C. § 501(c)(3) (such as religious, charitable, scientific,
or sporting  organizations) ;-7-(ii) organizations that would qualify for exemption under 26
U.S.C. § 501(c)(3) but are excused from applying for
recognition under 26 U.S.C. § 508(c)(1)(A) or § 508( c)(2)
(such as some religious organizations) ;
(iii) civic leagues , public advocacy,  or social welfare
organizations exempt under 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(4) ;
(iv) labor, agricultural, or horticultural organizations exempt
under 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(5) ;
(v) business leagues, chambers of commerce, boards of trade
(but expressly excluding professional football leagues)
exempt under 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(6) ;
(vi) social clubs (including sports, recreation, golf, exercise,
and country clubs) exempt under 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(7);
(vii) fraternal benefit societies, orders or associations exempt
under 26 U.S.C.  § 501(c)(8);
(viii) domestic fraternal organizations exempt under 26 U.S.C.
§ 501(c)(10) ;
(ix) cemeter ies exempt under 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(13);
(x) veterans organization s exempt under 26 U.S.C. §
501(c)(19 ) or 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(23 );
(xi) religious and apostolic organizations exempt  under 26
U.S.C. § 501(d);
(xii) cooperative hospital service organizations exempt under
26 U.S.C. § 501(e);  and
(xiii) cooperative service organizations operating educational
organizations exempt under 26 U.S.C. § 501(f).
(2) Whenever used in any pro visions prescribing a fine or penalty,
the word "person" as applied to partnerships shall mean the partners thereof; as 
applied to corporations and  unincorporated associations shall mean the officers 
thereof; as applied to foundations shall mean the truste es thereof.  
(3) The word “person” shall not  include any Institution of Purely Public
Charity  that is recognized as such under 10 P.S. § 371.  The receipt of a sales tax 
exemption issued by the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue is evidence that the 
person is an Institution of Purely Public Charity.   10 P.S. § 376(a) .  An entity that is 
merely affiliated with an Institution of Purely Public Charity is not itself exempt unless 
that entity is itself recognized as an Institution of Purely Pu blic Charity  under 10 P .S. § 
371. 
(4) The word “person” shall not include a natural person, an estate of
a decedent, or an entity subject to Corporate Net Income Tax, as set forth in  the Tax 
Reform Code of 1971, 72 P.S. § 7401,  et. seq . -8-(e) "Service " - carrying on or exercising within the City of Pittsburgh,
medical , education al, beneficial, social,  recreational,  vocational,  or any other type of 
service for which a charge is made, as a non -profit entity  and which is not a business 
subject to the City Business Privilege Tax .  A Service does not include the sale or 
rental of personal property.   Such Service , when provide d by a Taxable Institution , is 
an “Institutional Service .” 
(f) "Taxable Institution " - any person, organization,  foundation,
corporation or unincorporated associat ion operating under a non -profit charter or 
recognized as a non -profit entity by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including, 
but not limited to, hospitals, nursing homes, colleges, universities, schools other than 
elementary and secondary  schools , cemeteries, veterans organizations, recreational 
centers, fund -raising organizations and all other organizations which provide Service 
to the public , listed under Section 101( d) of these Regulations .   The phrase “Taxable 
Institution” shall not include a ny Exempt Institution  or any entity or unincorporated 
association that is not a “person.”  
(g) “Tax” – means the Institution and Service Privilege imposed by Title
Two, Article VII, Chapter 247 of the City of Pittsburgh Code of Ordinances . 
(h) "Tax Year ” - the twel ve-month period from January 1  to December 31.
(i) “Taxpayer ” includes any person  or Institution  subject to the Privilege
Tax that is not an E xempt Institution or any  entity or unincorporated association that 
is not a “person.”  
(j) "Treasurer " - the Treasurer of the City of Pittsburgh.
Section  102. — Who must file a return . 
(a) Every person or Taxable Institution engaging in a non -profit Service
in the City of Pittsburgh.  
(b) Every person or Taxable Institution subject to  the tax imposed by
Ordinance shall forthwith register with the Treasurer and set forth the name, address 
and nature of the service activity in which it is engaged  and shall obtain the license 
required by Section 247.05 of the Pittsburgh Code of Ordinances.  -9-Section  103.—Tax Base.  
The gross receipts o f every person engaged in any institution or non -profit Service in 
the City of Pittsburgh.   Specifically excluded from tax are Exempt Receipts.  
Section  104.—What Constitutes Rendering Services in Pittsburgh.  
(a) Whether or not a person carries on a taxable activity within the meaning
of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax is essentially a question of fact. In general, 
taxable activity includes any activity by a person or institution engaging in a Service 
for which a charge is made.  
(b) A person or Institution who engages in a taxable activity in Pittsburgh, is
subject to this tax, whether he is a resident or whether he has a permanent location in 
Pittsburgh.  
Section  105. – Receipts from Governmental Agenc ies and  Non-Profit Organization s. 
(a) Receipts from sales made or Services rendered to all government
bodies, including authorities, and to religious, charitable and educational corporations 
and associations shall not be excluded from the tax base.   Receipts from thi rd party 
payments made by government agencies for Services rendered to others shall be 
included in the tax base.  
(b) Notwithstanding the above, Exempt Receipts and receipts of Exempt
Institutions are excluded from the tax base.  
Section 106 . – References to Federal Statutes  
All references in these regulations to federal statutes are intended to include 
references to federal statutes in effect on January 1, 20 20, without regard to any later 
amendment or repeal.  -10-ARTICLE  II 
RETURNS  
Sectio n 201 . — Filin g Return.  
(a) Excep t as to new busine ss, bot h the tax retu rn an d paymen t of the tax 
are du e on April 15t h of eve ry year. 
(b) Forms  may  be obtained  from  the City  Treasurer,  City-County  Building, 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219. Failure to receive the  forms will not excuse a taxpayer 
for failure to file his return. 
(c) The return must be file d with th e City Treasu rer, City-Coun ty Building , 
Pittsburgh , Pennsylvan ia 15219. 
(d) If the taxpayer is an individual, he shall sign the return.  If the taxpayer is 
a corporation  or unincorporated  entity,  a Director,  President,  Trustee  or Officer  may 
sign the return. 
(e) If a taxpayer  maintains  more  than  one  location  in Pittsburgh,  he is 
required  to file only  one  (1) return  and  may  include  therein  the receipts  from 
transactions  occurring  in all  his locations  in Pittsburgh.  Where  one (1) return  covers 
more  than  one (1) location,  a schedule  shall  be attached  to the return  showing  the 
various locations at which the taxpayer conducts business in Pittsburgh. 
Sectio n 202 . — Paymen t of Tax. 
Payment of tax may be made in cash, or by check or money order drawn to the order 
of the Treasurer  of the City  of Pittsburgh.  Cash  payments  must  be made  only  to a 
cashier  in the  Department  of Treasurer,  City-County  Building,  Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania. 
Sectio n 203.—Tax Rate. 
The rate of tax is six (6) mills on each dollar of annual receipts. (Six mills equals $6.00 
per $1,000 or 6/10 of 1%).   In no event may the rate of tax on proprietors of restaurants 
and other places where food, drink and  refreshments are served exceed two (2) mills 
on each dollar of annual receipts.  53 P.S. § 6924.311(2).   (Two mills equals $2.00 per 
$1,000 or 2/10 of 1%). 
Section 204. – Penalties and Interest. 
If the tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of one percent (1%) per month shall 
be added to the amount of the tax. In addition, a penalty of one-half of one 
percent ( 0.5%) of the amount of the unpaid tax or each month or fraction thereof, 
during which the tax remains unpaid, shall be added and collected. -11-ARTICLE  III 
TAXABILITY  
Section  301.—Period Used in Calculating the Tax . 
(a) The tax is measured by the amount of service transacted by the Taxpayer
or Institution during the entire receding calendar year, except for those taxpayers:  
(1) who were not in service during the whole of the preceding calendar
year, or  
(2) who began services during the current calendar year, or
(3) whose service is temporary, seasonal or itinerant.
(b) Every person subject to the tax imposed by this Ordinance, who has
commenced its service at least one (1) full year prior to the beginning of any tax year 
shall,  on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of  April , following and annually thereafter, 
file with the Treasurer, a return setting forth the name, the service rendered, the person 
or Institution address and such other information as may be necessary, in arriving at 
the annual gross volume of services transa cted by it during the preceding year and 
amount of tax due.  
(c) Every person or Institution subject to the tax imposed by this Ordinance,
who has commenced its service less than one (1) full year prior to the beginning of the 
tax year shall, on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of April , following, file with the 
Treasurer a return and compute its annual gross receipts, for such tax year upon the 
gross receipts generated by the services transacted within the City during the first 
month it engages in such servic e activity multiplied by twelve (12).  
(d) Every person subject to the tax imposed by Ordinance, who commences,
subsequent to the beginning of the tax year, shall within forty days from the date of 
commencing such service, file a return with the Treasurer setti ng forth the name, the 
service rendered, the institution address and such other information as may be 
necessary in arriving at the actual volume of services transacted by it during the first 
month of service and amount of tax due . 
(e) Every person or Institution subject to the payment of the tax imposed by
this Ordinance who engages in a service temporary, seasonal or itinerant by its nature 
shall,  with seven (7 ) days from the day it completes such service, file a return with the 
Treasurer setting forth  its name, service, the person or Institution address and such 
other information as may be necessary in arriving at the actual gross volume of service, 
during the tax period and the amount of tax due . 
Section  302. – Taxable Gross Receipts  
(a) Cash, credits, property of any kind or nature received in or allocable to
The City from any Institution by reason of any transaction or  any service 
without deduction therefrom on account of property sold, materials used,  labor, service 
or other cost, int erest or discount paid,  or any other expense.  
-12-(1) Includes payments from insurance or other third -party payments
for the cost of service .  All forms of government third -party payments , income or grants  
for Service, received by the Institution such as Medicare, Medicaid and General 
Assistance receipts, are subject to tax.  
(2) Excludes Exempt Receipt s or receipts of Exempt Institutions.
(b) To assist in the review of Taxable Gross Receipts, th e taxpayer shall
attach a duplicate of any Form 990 -T filed with the Internal Revenue Service for the 
most recent period.   -13-ARTICLE IV  
DETERMINATION OF TAX BASE  
Section  401. — Inclusions.  
The tax is imposed on every person engaging in any Institutional or non -profit Service 
in the City of Pittsburgh.   The tax is not imposed on Exempt Institutions.   
Section  402.  –   Pittsburgh Receipts . 
(a) General .  Except for receipts associated with interstate commerce,
receipts from any transaction shall b e attributable  to Pittsburgh, if  any event forming a 
part of the transaction occurs within Pittsburgh  or the taxpayer’s only office is located 
within the City  and the Service is offered from a Pittsburgh location . 
(b) Any receipts arising from Institutional on non -profit service to the general
public or any select or limited number thereof, is taxable if a charge is made.   Intrastate 
receipts from services which are the result of business activities carried on through a 
branch office located outs ide Pittsburgh, are taxable if such services are performed in 
Pittsburgh  if the service is offered from the City . 
(c) Persons engaging in any Institutional or non -profit service be it
professional, commercial , or personal services, are subject to the  tax. If a  person 
engaging in any Institutional or non -profit service only maintains a place of business in 
the City of Pittsburgh, the entire receipts from intrastate activity  in the Commonwealth  
from personal services must be included in the measure of the tax, wh ether or not the 
services are performed in Pittsburgh. Receipts will be deemed attributable to Pittsburgh, 
if they result from the efforts of employees who work in,  or from or are attached to 
taxpayer's Pittsburgh place of business.   If any taxpayer is subject to Privilege tax in two 
or more jurisdictions in Pennsylvania, he may request a ruling from the Treasurer  to 
address the issue of potential double taxation .  
(d) Receipts associated with interstate commerce shall be apportioned to
the City by multiplying total receipts earned everywhere times the City Apportionment 
percentage.  The City Apportionment percentage  is the sum of the following three 
apportionment factors:  Payroll  Percentage factor , Property  Percentage factor , and 
Sales Percentage  factor , divided by three . If one of the percentage factors is zero, the 
denominator shall be two.  If two of the percentage factors are zero, the dominator shall 
be one.   In no event can a percentage factor be less than zero.  
(1) The Payroll Percentage factor  shall be payroll reported by the
taxpayer subject to City local earned income tax divided by total payroll reported on 
Federal Form 940.  If the taxpayer only has one office in the Commonwealth and that 
office is in the City, the numerator  of the Payroll percentage factor shall be total payroll 
reported to the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue.  
(2) The Property Percentage factor  shall be the sum of tangible
property located in the Cit y divided by the sum of tangible property located everywhere  
in the United States, determined as of December 31 .  Property shall be recorded at its 
original cost before any depreciation , amortization, or cost depletion .  Leased property -14-shall be recorded as an item of tangible property at eight  (8) times annual rent  for the 
leased property .  Movable property is in the City if it is in the City on December 31 of 
the calendar year.   If the taxpayer only has one office in the Commonwealth and that 
office is in the City, the numerator of the Property pe rcentage factor shall be sum of 
tangible property located in the Commonwealth.  
(3) The Sales Percentage factor  shall be gross receipts from
Services provided in the  City or offered from a City location divided by gross receipts 
everywhere.   If additional guidance is required with regard to the definition of Sales, 
the taxpayer shall follow the practice of the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue 
under the Corporate Net Income Tax provisions of the Tax Reform Act, 72 P.S. § 7401, 
so long as such pr actice is not inconsistent with the purposes of the Privilege Tax.  
(4) A taxpayer is engaged in interstate commerce if it is subject to tax
in another jurisdiction , outside the Commonwealth,  on its net income or on its gross 
receipts.   A taxpayer can show it is subject to tax in another jurisdiction by providing 
copies of tax returns  filed with taxing jurisdictions outside the Commonwealth.   If 
intrastate receipts are co -mingled with interstate activity, all receipts shall be 
considered interstate receipts.  
(5) If the application of the City apportionment percentage  results in
the same gross receipts of the Taxpayer being taxable , for gross receipts or privilege 
tax purposes,  by two or more jurisdictions  in the United States , the Taxpayer may 
approach the Treasurer  for a ruling  to avoid this double taxation, such as receiving a 
credit for gross receipts or privilege taxes paid  elsewhere , or by a modification of the 
City apportionment percentage.   No credit will be granted by the City for net income 
taxes , excise taxes,  or transaction taxes  paid to another jurisdiction.  -15-ARTICLE V  
SUITS FOR COLLECTION, PENALTIES, ETC.  
Section  501. — Suits for Recovery of Unpaid T axes.  
(a) The following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of
taxes.  
(1) When a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to
recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three (3) years after the return was 
due or filed, whichever is later. Where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to file 
suit for the  collection of taxes.  
(2) In the case of a deficiency assessment, suit shall be filed within
three (3) years after the assessment has been made.  
(b) The limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution
of a suit for the collection of any ta x due or determined to be due in the following cases:  
(1) When no return was filed, there is no limitation.
(2) When the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation.
(3) When there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty -five
(25%) or more, and not due to fra ud, suit must be begun within six (6) years.  
(4) A return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due
date.  
Section 502 . — Penalty and Interest for N on-payment.  
(a) If, however, any Taxpayer shall fail to make any report and payment as
herein required a penalty at the rate of one-half  of one percent (0.5%) per month for 
each month or a fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax and interest of one 
(1%) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period 
in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax.  In no event shall the 
interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the Municipal Claims and 
Tax Liens Act, 53 P.S. §7143, or applicable law. 
(b) There is no limit or cut off point, for applying penalty and interest.
(c) On any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency
assessment, penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have 
been paid to t he date of payment.  Penalty and interest is calculated as described 
above.  
(d) Where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax, the person liable
therefore shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and 
penalties herein impo sed. Once due and owing, penalty and interest become part of 
the tax and shall be collected as such. A person’s belief that no tax is due and owing, 
or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the 
returns required under the City Code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties 
herein for violation.  Good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty.  -16-Section  503. – Fines and Penalties for Violation of Act.  
(a) Whoever willfully makes any false or untrue  statement on the return shall,
upon summary conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five 
hundred dollars ($500.00) or to undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty (30) 
days.  
(b) Whoever willfully fails or refuses to appear before the Treasurer, in
person with his books, records or accounts for  examination when required under the 
provisions of the Institution and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance, to do so, or who 
willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books, records or accounts of any services 
in custody or control,  when the right to make such inspection by the Treasurer is 
requested,  shall upon summary conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay a fine of not 
more than Five Hundred Dollars  ($500.00), or to undergo imprisonm ent for not more 
than thirty (30 ) days.  
(c) Whoever willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by the  Instit ution
and Service Privilege Tax Ordinance , shall, upon summary conviction thereof, be 
sentenced to pay a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or undergo 
imprisonment for not more than thirty (30) days . 
Section 504 . – Remedies Not Mutually Exclusive  
The remedies provided in this Article are not mutually exclusive.  The utilization by the 
Treasurer of one remedy does n ot preclude utilization of the other.  
Moreover, use of either or both of the remedies provided in these Sections does not 
preclude the use by the City of Pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure 
which can bring about compliance by the Taxp ayer with the provisions of Chapter 241 
of the Pittsburgh Code and these regulations.  
Once it has been determined that that a Taxpayer owes a tax, the Treasurer will take 
all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. Such action may include obtaining  
additional information, auditing Taxpayer records, entering into a settlement of the 
disputed amount of the tax, or obtaining liens on the Taxpayer’s property, wage 
attachments, levies, and seizures and sales of the Taxpayer’s property in appropriate 
circumstances. The Treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the Taxpayer for 
payment of the tax in installments if the Treasurer believes that such an agreement will 
facilitate collection. The Treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penaltie s 
on the tax due, and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances.   -17- 
 ARTICLE VI  
TAXPAYER REMEDIES  
Section  601. – Treasurer (Director) Hearings  
(a) Any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the Treasurer shall, within 
ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment, request a Treasurer’s 
Hearing on a form obtained from the Treasurer for that purpose. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8431. 
The Treasurer may o n his/her own initiative cite a Taxpayer for a hearing.  
(b) Any taxpayer who fails to request a Treasurer’s Hearing within a timely 
manner, waives the right to contest any element of the assessment, and that party’s 
failure to challenge the Treasurer’s adjudication will be construed as an admission by 
that party as to the propriety of the assessment.  
(c) The written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum:  
1. The petitioner’s name, address, and daytime telephone number.  
2. The petitioner’s account and/ or social security number.  
3. A copy of the assessment notice the party received from the 
Finance Department.  
4. A detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the 
petitioner disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support 
the petitioner’s claims.  
5. Petitioner’s signature.  
(d) The completed petition should be mailed to:  
TREASURER HEARINGS  
TREASURER – CITY OF PITTSBURGH  
414 GRANT ST  
PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476  
(e) Any taxpayer may request a Treasurer’s Hearing so that his tax refund 
request can be reviewed.  
(f) The Treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance 
with 53 Pa.C.S. § 8428.  
(g) The Treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the 
petitioner’s complete and accurate petition form.  
 
Section 602 . – Appeals  
Any person aggrieved by the decision of the Treasurer, following a hearing, shall have 
the right to make an appeal to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, in 
accordance with the Taxpayer’s Bill of Rights Act. 53 Pa.C.S. § 8434.  Any appeal must 
be commenced within thirty (30) days of the date of the notice of the Treasurer’s 
decision. If no such appeal is timely filed, the aggrieved party waives his/her right to 
contest any element of the Treasurer’s adjudication, and that party’s fai lure to challenge -18- 
 the same will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the 
Treasurer’s decision. No hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of 
penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is act ually paid.  
 
Section 603 . – Payment Under Protest  
The Treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending 
appeals; however, any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance 
with Section 604.  
 
Section 604. — Refunds . 
(a) A Taxpayer who has overpaid the Privilege Tax, or who believes he/she 
is not obligated to remit the Privilege Tax may file a written request on an amended tax 
return with the Department of Finance for a refund or a credit of the tax. A request for 
refund  or a credit shall be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the 
report or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. If no report is 
required, the request shall be made within three (3) years after the due date for 
payment of the tax or within one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is 
later.  
(b) For amounts paid as a result of a notice asserting or informing a Taxpayer 
of an underpayment, a written request for a refund shall be filed with the Department 
of Finance within one (1) year of the date of the payment.  
(c) Every person or institution who ceases to carry on services during any 
tax year after having paid the Institution and Service Privilege Tax for the entire year 
shall, upon making proper application to the Treasurer, be entitled to receive entitled 
to receive a refund of the prorate amount of the tax paid based upon the period of time 
he was not in service during the license year. In the event that a person who 
discontinues services during any tax yea r does so before payment of its tax becomes 
due for such tax year, it shall be permitted to apportion its tax for such tax year and 
shall pay an amount to be computed by multiplying its gross receipts for the preceding 
full calendar year by a fraction whos e numerator shall be the number of months such 
person or institution was in service during the tax year and whose denominator shall 
be twelve (12). 
Section 605 . – Installment Payment Plan For Any Deficiency  
In the appropriate circumstances, the Treasurer will enter an installment payment plan 
and defer further collection action, if the Taxpayer enters into a written  agreement with 
the Treasurer. The Treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if suc h a plan 
is in the best interests of the City.  The Taxpayer must specifically request the installment 
payment plan from the Treasurer. For the required terms of any installment plan See, 
Second Class City Treasurer’s Sale and Collection Act, 53 P.S. § 2720 7 and Local 
Taxpayer Bill of Rights, 53 Pa.C.S. § 8436.  If the Taxpayer fails to abide by the terms 
of the installment payment plan, the Treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax, 
penalty, and interest.  -19- 
 ARTICLE VII  
SAVINGS CLAUSE AND SEVERAB ILITY  
 
Section 701 . – Savings Clause and Severability . 
If a final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these 
regulations, or the application of any provision to any circumstances, to be illegal or 
unconstitutional, the other  provisions in these regulations, or the application of such 
provision to other circumstances, shall remain in full force and effect.  
The intent of the Treasurer is that the provisions of these regulations shall be severable 
and that they would have been a dopted if any such illegal or unconstitutional provisions 
had not been included herein.  
 
Section 702 . – Disclosure Statement  
A copy of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights can be requested in writing at the address below 
or downloaded at http://apps.pittsburghpa.gov/finance/10_taxpayers_bill_of_rights.pdf   
 
TREASURER, CITY OF PITTSBURGH AUDIT SECTION  
414 GRANT ST RM 206  
PITTSBURGH PA 15219 -2476  
 

================================================================================

